=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

News - Transcripts Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Published on July 19, 2025 at 8:01 am by Insider Monkey Transcripts in News , Transcripts Share Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript July 17, 2025 Netflix, Inc. beats earnings expectations. Reported EPS is $7.19, expectations were $7.07. Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2025 Earnings Interview. I’m Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we’ll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. We’ll take questions submitted by the analyst community, and we will begin with our results and our forecast. Spencer Wang: The first question comes from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. The question is, since the revenue increase in your forecast is primarily FX-driven, we’re curious about the components of the constant currency increase. Is this due to a better underlying revenue growth? Or are there specific expenses that are coming in better like content amortization? Spencer Neumann: I will take that one. Thanks, Steve. So as you saw on the letter, we increased our full year revenue guidance to $44.8 million to $45.2 billion. That’s up from the prior guide of $43.5 million to $44.5 billion, so up about $1 billion at the midpoint of the range, and a tighter range. As you know, it primarily reflects the FX impact from the weakening dollar relative to most other currencies. But the good news is we’re also seeing strength in our underlying business. We’ve got healthy member growth, and that even picked up nicely at the end of Q2, a bit more than we expected. And we think that will carry through with our strong back half slate. So we’re reflecting that in our latest forecast. And we’re also seeing nice momentum in ad sales. Still off a pretty small base, but good growth, and it’s on pace to roughly double our revenue in the year, and it’s a bit ahead of beginning of year expectations. So when we carry all that through to operating margin, our operating expenses are essentially unchanged, which is part of your question. So they’re basically unchanged forecast to forecast. So we’re largely flowing through the expected higher revenues to profit margins. So that’s why our updated target full year reported margin is up 1 point from 29% to 30% and that 50 basis point increase in FX neutral margin is really just that revenue lift from stronger membership growth in ads relative to prior forecast flowing through the margin. Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. We’ll take our next question from Barton Crockett of Rosenblatt Securities. Why is operating margin guidance for the full year only 30% after the upside in 2Q and a forecast of 31.5% for the third quarter? Is there a timing issue, FX issue? Q&A Session Follow Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) Follow Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Spencer Neumann: Well, this is really mostly timing. So thanks, Barton. As a reminder, we primarily manage the full year margins, and we expect our content expenses will ramp in Q3 and Q4. We’ve got many of our biggest new and returning titles and live events in the back half of the year. We’ve also — Q4 is typically and generally almost always is a heavier film slate. I’m sure we’ll talk about — I expect we’ll talk about more of this on the call. We’ll also be marketing to support that heavier slate, and we’re continuing to aggressively build out our ad sales infrastructure and capabilities through the year. So all of that is to be expected. We can manage to, will we manage to those margins. Spencer Wang: Great. Thanks, Spence. The next question comes from Tom Champion of Piper Sandler. How has your view of the consumer and the macro economy changed over the last 90 days? Gregory Peters: Similar to last quarter, we’re carefully watching consumer sentiment in the broader economy. But at this point, really nothing significant to note in the metrics and the indicators that we get directly through the business. Those are retention that remains stable and industry-leading. There have been no significant shifts in plan mix or planned take rate and the price changes we’ve done since the last quarter have been in line with expectations. Engagement also remains healthy. So things all look stable from those indicators and big picture, entertainment in general, and Netflix specific have been historically pretty resilient and tougher economic times. We also think that we are an incredible entertainment value, not only compared to traditional entertainment, but if you think about other streaming competitors, when we start at $7.99 in the United States and you think about all of the entertainment you get, we have a belief and expectation that the demand for not only entertainment, but for us, specifically will remain strong. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. I think it’s a nice follow-up to this question will be on advertising. So from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley, can you share any data points around your upfront negotiations? Gregory Peters: Yes. As we noted in the letter, our U.S. upfront, it’s nearly complete. We’ve closed a large majority of deals with the major agencies. Those results have generally been in line or slightly better than our targets and consistent with our goal to roughly double the ads business this year. And what are advertisers excited about, growing scale is something we definitely hear. Also, a highly attentive and engaged audience. So bigger audience, but also an audience that’s more engaged relative to our peers. The rollout of our own ad tech stack, which helps deliver a bunch of features and then our slate, which is generally amazing and includes a growing number of live events that advertisers are excited about. Spencer Wang: Great. Follow-up question on advertising from Vikram of Baird. How have advertisers in the U.S. responded to the Netflix Ad Suite rollout since the April launch? What features and capabilities are attracting the most interest? Gregory Peters: We’ve completed the rollout of our own ads tech stack, the Netflix ad suite to all of our ad markets now. So we’re fully on our own stack around the world at this point. That rollout was generally smooth across all countries. We see good performance metrics across all countries and the early results are in line with our expectations. Now we’re in this phase of learning and improving quickly based on the fact that being live everywhere means that you get a bunch of feedback about what we can do better, which is great. As we mentioned before, the most immediate benefit from this rollout is just making it easier for advertisers to buy on Netflix. We hear that benefit, that ease from direct feedback talking to advertisers. They tell us that it’s easier. We see it in our overall sales performance. We’ve seen an increased programmatic buying. So all of these are consistent with what we are expecting both qualitatively and from a metrics perspective. We’re also, I guess, worth noting that we’re going to roll out additional demand sources like Yahoo!, that will further open up the market for us. Long term, being on our own stack that improves the speed of our execution to deliver this pretty significant road map of features that we have in front of us. It’s things like improved targeting and measurement. There’s also leveraging advertiser and third-party data sources, which we definitely hear demand for as well. And it will ultimately allow us to improve the ad experience for our members, which is critically important. So that means better adds personalization. So the ads that I see are increasingly different from the ads that say, Ted would see, and they’re more relevant for each of us, which is good for us as users and it’s good for the brands. We’re also going to be introducing interactivity in the second half of the year. So that’s exciting. So that’s all to say this is a pretty significant milestone for us, one we’re super excited to get behind us because now we can shift into the steady release cycle where we’re dropping new features all the time, both for advertisers and for members. And that’s the development and release model that we have in other parts of the business. So it’s fun to be able to get to that point. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. I’ll move this along now to a set of questions around content as well as engagement. This one comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. 1% engagement growth year-over-year suggests engagement is down year-over-year on an average per member basis. Gregory Peters: So total view hours did grow a bit in the first half ’25, and that’s despite a particularly back half-weighted slate. But to your point on engagement on a per member basis, we’ve mostly been focused for the last few years on measuring engagement on what we call an owner household basis. So this takes out the borrower effect, and we obviously think this is the best way to assess our engagement per member because it removes the tricky comparison impacts from paid sharing. So that metric, per owner household engagement has been relatively steady over the past 2.5 years. Throughout the rollout of paid sharing and amidst increasing competition for TV time is more viewing moves to streaming and gets this on-demand benefit. So we’re glad to have held that normalized engagement level, but we clearly also want to increase it. And to that end, we’re optimistic and expect that our engagement growth in the second half of this year will be better than in the first half given our strong second half slate. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. Great segue to Doug Anmuth’s question from JPMorgan. The content in the back half of the year looks strong with Squid Game 3 already the third most popular non-English series ever, and Wednesday and Stranger Things releasing in the coming months. You often say that no single title drives more than 1% of total viewing. So how do you think about the business currently as being “head boosted or head driven”? And are you confident that both original and licensed content momentum can continue in 2026? Theodore Sarandos: Yes, I’ll take that. And thank you, Doug. On the first part of your question, we’re definitely riding this long-term trend of linear to streaming and that has a natural adoption curve, but we can accelerate our growth with big hits. But as you said, each one of them, even in success, is going to drive about 1% of total viewing. So you need a lot more than just a big hit every once in a while. So to your point, it’s not about the single hit. So what it is, is about a steady drumbeat of shows and films and soon enough, games, that our members really love and continue to expect from us. So like by way of example, we had 44 individual shows nominated for Emmys this year. So that’s what quality at scale looks like. We ended the quarter with a huge return of Squid Game, thanks for acknowledging. I’ll go into the second half with the return of Wednesday and Stranger Things. And a really strong slate of supporting titles and favorites like — and new shows like next week, or this week, we had Eric Bana’s Untamed. Next week, we have Leanne Morgan’s new comedy show line, Leanne. Both look really great. And that’s just to name a few. And the back half of the year also has perhaps the most anticipated slate of new movies that we’ve ever had. That starts on the 25th with Happy Gilmore 2, followed by — we have a new Knives Out film. We have new films from Noah Baumbach, from Guillermo del Toro, from Kathryn Bigelow, and it does not stop there. It does roll right into 2026. And that’s the second part of your question, and we’re looking forward to movies like The Rip from Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, Charlize Theron’s new movie called Apex, which is a phenomenal action movie, Millie Bobby Brown is back in an Enola Holmes 3. Recall that in 2023, Enola Holmes was our biggest — 2 was our biggest movie. So we’re looking forward to that new sequel. And Greta Gerwig’s Narnia is going to be phenomenal. And then on top of that, we’re talking about return of Bridgerton, One Piece, Avatar: The Last Airbender, all 3 huge successes around the world. The Gentleman, The Four Seasons, Point Break — I’m sorry, Running Point, sorry; Beef, which as you recall in 2023, won just about every award imaginable and was a gigantic success for us, it’s back for a new season in ’26. 3 body problem, Love is Blind, Outer Banks. And not just from the U.S., from France, we have Lupin; from Spain, we have Berlin. We have a new season of One Hundred Years of Solitude from Colombia. So big hit returning shows and new series from each of our regions around the world. And the new stuff we’ve got coming up like Man on Fire, Reimagining, Little House on the Prairie, the Duffer Brothers from Stranger Things have a brand-new show, The Boroughs. We’ve got The Human Vapor from Japan, Operation Safed Sagar from India, Can This Love Be Translated? from Korea. So again, popular programming, new and returning from all over the world in 2026. Unscripted shows like the reboot of Star Search. We’ve got into The Doll Universe, with Wonka’s Golden Ticket, which we’re really excited about. And in our live, we’ve got a few surprises for you next year. But of course, we have our NFL Christmas stay double header than we’re really thrilled about too. So we’re really incredibly excited about the back half of this year and confident that it keeps rolling in ’26. Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. We’ll take the next question from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners who asks, are you concerned by the stagnation in your viewing share domestically? I think Rich is probably referring to the Nielsen Gauge data. Do you need to spend more on programming or spend differently to materially move your viewing share higher? Theodore Sarandos: Thanks, Rich. Look, our goal continues to be to continue to grow our share over the long term. And over the past few years, you’re right, we’ve been able to maintain our share even as we work through a growing number of TV-based streaming services, some free, some paid and the impact of paid sharing that Greg mentioned earlier, as well as this 2025 slate that was more back-half weighted than we typically have in previous years. But over the long term, we tend to keep growing as the other 50% of TV viewing migrates from linear to streaming. And we’ll do that by doing what we’ve always done continuously improve the service. So keep in mind, since 2020, our content amort has grown more than 50%, from under $11 billion to more than $16 billion that we expect to do this year. And for that same time period, we definitely had — we saw increased spending, but also increased engagement, increased revenue, increased profit and increased profit margin. So that’s our model in action. It is our objective to sustain healthy revenue growth, reinvest in the business to improve on all aspects of the service. And that includes growing content spend, strengthening and expanding the entertainment offering and to drive that positive flywheel of growth by adding value to our members and all the while growing engagement revenue and profit around the world. Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted. I’ll move to Alan Gould from Loop Capital next. Can you provide more information on the TF1 partnership? Why did you choose to add TF1 in France as opposed to other broadcasters as your first partner? Why is now the right time to create such a partnership? Should we anticipate similar partnerships in other countries? Gregory Peters: Yes. Perhaps to start with the rationale for the partnership. You would think with that long list of amazing titles that Ted just rattled off, we would have enough to satisfy every person on the planet. But it turns out, we actually consistently hear from our members that they want more. They want more variety, more breadth of content. So the fundamental purpose for this TF1 partnership is all about that goal of expanding our entertainment offering. How do we enhance the value we deliver to members? We want to provide more content, more variety, more quality. So just as you’ve seen us do with licensing and production, this is just another mechanism to expand that offering. And in this case, it’s specifically about highly relevant, local-for-local content in a country that has strong demand for that local content. This is an accelerated way to satisfy that need. Why now? Why was this time the right time? Well, we’ve invested a lot in a bunch of enabling capabilities that are either required or highly leveraged by this deal. You can think live, ads, the new UI, among other things. And then why TF1 versus some other partner? Well, we know each other really well. We wanted our first partner to be in a big territory. We wanted to pick the leading local programmer. We wanted to be highly aligned in terms of the deal and the shape of the partnership and the values that we thought we could generate mutually by working together for our customers. And we both look at this as an opportunity to learn, to figure out how do we scale the local content that TF1 is producing to more customers in France. So we’re looking forward to seeing what consumers think. You never really know until you get out there and get the real reactions. And then obviously, we’ll factor that into our plans going forward. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. From Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. With reports suggesting Apple is now in the driver seat for F1 rights, haha — pun intended, I guess — plus UFC and MLB still looking for new deals and the NFL may be looking to come to market a year earlier, can you share updated thoughts on how you are approaching sports rights for Netflix and where you draw the line on something that can move the needle? Theodore Sarandos: Well, thanks for that, Robert. Remember, sports are a subcomponent of our live strategy but our live strategy goes beyond sports alone. Our live strategy and our sports strategy are unchanged. We remain focused on ownable big breakthrough events that — because our audiences really love them. Anything we chase in the event space or in the sports space has got to make economic sense as well. We bring a lot to the table and the deals that we make ought to reflect that. So live is a relatively small part of the total content spend, and we’ve got about 200 billion view hours. So it’s a pretty small part of view ours as well right now. But that being said, not all view hours are equal. And what we’ve seen with live is it has its outsized positive impacts around conversation around acquisition, and we suspect around retention. And so right now, we’re very excited where we sit. We’re very excited with the existing strategy. We’re excited about the Canelo vs. Crawford fight in September and the SAG Awards and our weekly WWE matches, and the NFL, of course, which is a great property, and we’re happy to have Christmas Day double header, which includes Dallas versus Washington and Detroit versus Minnesota. So today, our live events have all primarily been in the U.S., keep in mind. So over time, we’re going to continue to invest and grow our live capabilities for events around the world in the years ahead. So we’re excited, but the strategy is unchanged. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. A good follow-up question on that one from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. What investments have you made to increase your capabilities in producing live events? What have you been able to do in-house in 2025 that you couldn’t do last year? Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I’d say, remember, when we started original scripted programming, we had 0 production capability. House of Cards was, in fact, thinking about our first 3 years of original programming, all of those shows were produced by others. You have to go — 3 years later, we produced Stranger Things in-house. Today, we still have shows that are produced by others: Universal, 20th Television, which is Disney, Paramount, Lionsgate, Warner Television. There’s lots of available infrastructure to produce TV, and that is true of live events and sports as well. When we do more and more, we may choose to bring some of that in-house. We’ve already produced a few, and we’re just as likely to continue to use partners with existing production infrastructure and work to make sure that those productions are bespoke and do they feel like they could only be on Netflix. So you shouldn’t think about the mix partnerships and self-producing as a — we think about it as a scaling tool, not backfilling some lack of ability in some area of the company. And I should note, by example, CBS is a phenomenal partner producing NFL games with us, and we’re thrilled to work with them again this year on Christmas Day. Gregory Peters: Maybe take this opportunity just to some commentary on the general capability we’ve been dealing with live. When we start something new, we pretty much expect that we’re not going to be brilliant at the beginning. But we… Theodore Sarandos: What? Gregory Peters: Yes. That’s true, unfortunately. We don’t have any really reason to believe that. But we don’t let that stop us from kicking off initiatives that we believe have a strong strategic rationale, even though now we need to develop that capability. And of course, our job is to get out there and learn by doing and get world class as quickly as we possibly can. And if you look at our current capabilities around live, we are in just a completely different place today compared to when we first started. As a good example that just happened last Friday, we had our first concurrent pair of live events. We had Taylor vs. Serrano, globally delivered alongside WWE Smack Down, which was delivered ex U.S., Both events at scale and delivered with extremely high quality. So it’s great progress we’ve seen and we’ve got a great road map of features ahead of us to continue to enhance those experiences for folks. Spencer Wang: Thank you both. Last question on the content side or the topic of content comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. What are the learnings from the success of KPop Demon Hunters? More animated musicals with fictional bands, perhaps? Theodore Sarandos: Ben, that is a question from a man who probably has that movie playing on repeat in their home, if I’m guessing correctly. KPop Demon Hunters is a phenomenal success out of the gate. One of the things that I’m excited, really proud of the team over is original animation, not SQL, not live-action remake original animation feature is very tough and has been struggling for years. And I think the fact that our biggest hits now, Leo, Sea Beast and now KPop Demon Hunters, are original animation. So we’re super thrilled about that. The mix of music and pop culture, getting it right matters, get the storytelling matters, the innovation and animation itself matters and the fact that people are in love with this film and in love with the music from this film that will keep it going for a long time. So we’re really thrilled. And now the next beat is where does it go from here? So we put in the letter how just how successful the music has been and continues to be, and we think that will drive fandom for this fictional KPop bands that we have. But more importantly, for the on Golden and for the song Soda Pop, these are enormous hits and they all came from a film that’s available only on Netflix. So we’re really excited that we can pierce the culture with original animated features considering that folks have been poking us on it. Gregory Peters: Let’s do it again later in the year with In Your Dreams. Right, Ted? Theodore Sarandos: Absolutely. In Your Dreams is another very funny one and also completely original. Spencer Wang: Great. I’ll move us on now to a few questions on plans as well as product. So from Michael Morris of Guggenheim. He asks, Netflix continues to broaden content genres, notably with live sports and the recently announced TF1 partnership. Is there a path to additional tiers of service based on types of content available? Or will Netflix always make all content available at the ad-free/ad-supported price points? Gregory Peters: I’ve learned to never say never. So I would say we remain open to evolving our consumer-facing model. I think we’ve got a few principles, important principles that we’re carrying with us that I don’t see changing significantly. One is we want to provide members choice, right? So how do we have a different set of plans at different price points with different features. It allows folks to opt into what the — is the right Netflix for them. Also, how do we provide good accessibility to new members around the world we want to grow, and that means making sure that we’ve got accessible price points. And then finally, the plans we offer, they have to ensure that we’re having reasonable returns to the business based on the entertainment value that we delivered, and we’re hoping to grow those. And so those returns would grow as well. And obviously, the reason to do that is we can continue to reinvest in adding more entertainment and building a better experience. And maybe one other thought, too, is there is a component of complexity and choice stack that we have to consider and how we think about our offering is structured. So having said all that though, I think we believe that the bundle is a great value for members. It allows members around the world to access a wide range of entertainment in a very easy way, at a very reasonable price. So I would expect that, that will remain an important feature of our offering for the foreseeable future. Theodore Sarandos: A lot of value and simplicity, yes. Gregory Peters: Yes. Spencer Wang: Yes. From Rich Greenfield, the Lightshed partners, help us understand why your new UI/UX is so important as you expand live content. Beyond live, can you provide some color on what metrics have improved since the launch of the new UI such as speed of users finding a title and change in failed sessions? Gregory Peters: Yes. As we said previously, it’s really hard for a new UI to immediately compete, be better than the UI that we’ve had for the past 10 years has been iteratively evolved and improved. But now that we’ve actually rolled out this new UI to the first large wave of TV devices, we’re actually seeing performance that’s better than what we saw in our prelaunch testing. And to some degree, that’s expected because we made some improvements based on the results of that testing phase. So it’s exciting to see that those delivered actually better results. But the rate of that change actually gives us increased confidence that this new experience will drive better performance by the variety of metrics we look at, some of which include the ones that Rich is mentioning in relatively short order. And then maybe just a point on why do we build this and launch this new experience in the first place? Why was it so important? Bluntly, the previous experience was designed for the Netflix of 10 years ago, and the business has evolved considerably since then. We got a wider breadth of entertainment options. We got TV and film, more of those, of course, from around the world, but now also games and live events. And if you think about the discovery experience that’s best suited for these new content types, it’s inherently different. Helping our members understand that there’s a really good reason for them to launch Netflix and tune in at 7:00 p.m. on a Friday night versus just showing up whenever they were free and wanted to be entertained. That’s a totally different job, and we really need a different user interface to do that job well. Add to that, we saw the opportunity to leverage newer technologies like real-time recommendations that respond dynamically to what you need from us in that specific moment. So the Netflix you get on a Tuesday night is different from the Netflix you get on a Sunday afternoon. But all of those rationales together and what we’re seeing in terms of the performance of far, we’re very confident that we’ve got a much better platform in this new user experience to build from to continue to improve, and that will help us meet the needs of the business over the years to come. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. The next question comes from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. YouTube is the only streamer that exceeds Netflix in terms of U.S. share of TV time. Do you see an opportunity to bring notable YouTube creators and their content exclusively to Netflix? How big could this opportunity be? Theodore Sarandos: Thanks, Steve. Look, we want to be in business with the best creatives on the planet, regardless of where they come from. Some of them are here in Hollywood, others are in Korea, some are in India and some are creators distribute only on social media platforms and most of them have not yet been discovered. So for those creators doing great work, we have phenomenal distribution, desirable monetization, brilliant discovery in our UI and a hungry audience waiting to be entertained. So Steve, you recently — I think I listened to you on a broadcast where you talked about our business model, I believe, on this very topic. And we largely agree with you and believe that working with a wide set of content creators makes a lot of sense for us. And as you said, if I’m remembering it right, not everything on YouTube will fit on Netflix, and we couldn’t agree with that more. But there are some creators on YouTube like Ms. Rachel that are a great fit. If you saw on the engagement report, she’s had 53 million views in the first half of 2025 on Netflix. So she clearly works on Netflix. And we’re really excited about the Sidemen and Pop the Balloon, and a wide variety of creators and video podcasters that might be a good fit for us, and particularly if they’re doing great work and looking for different ways to connect with audiences. Gregory Peters: And maybe broadening this out for a second and taking that question to look at sort of all of the competitors that we face for share of TV time. We’ve always said that the market for entertainment is very large, and we face competition from all kinds of directions. So whether it’s linear or streamers or video games or social media, it’s also a very dynamic competitive market, as we and all of our competitors seek to provide better and better options for consumers. And one of those changes, one of those vectors of dynamicism has been that sort of steady inevitable shift to streaming and on-demand as more services move to deliver their content in a way that we all know consumers want. That creates increasing competitive pressure for us that we’ve got to respond to. We also see free services as a form of strong competition. Free is very powerful from a consumer perspective so it’s not surprising that some free services are growing in engagement. But I think Ted said it well earlier in the call, not all hours are created equal. And we have a different profit model from other services, a strong profit model. So we’re going to compete to win more moments of truth for sure, but especially compete to win those most profitable moments. And back to your specific question, it’s worth remembering there’s about 80% of total TV view share that neither Netflix or YouTube are winning right now. We think that represents a huge opportunity for which we are competing aggressively and we aim to grow our share. Theodore Sarandos: The vast majority of our money and attention is focused on that 80%. Spencer Wang: Thank you. Next question from Justin Patterson of KeyBanc. Could you please talk about your generative AI initiatives? Where do you think GenAI will be most impactful over time, revenue or expense efficiency? Theodore Sarandos: Well, let me start with GenAI. We remain convinced that AI represents an incredible opportunity to help creators make films and series better, not just cheaper. They’re AI-powered creator tools. So this is real people doing real work with better tools. Our creators are already seeing the benefits in production through pre-visualization and shot planning work and certainly, visual effects. It used to be that only big budget projects would have access to advanced visual effects like de-aging. Remember, last quarter, we talked about Pedro Paramo. That’s just no longer the case. And this year, we had El Eternaut. It’s a very big hit show for us from Argentina. And in that production, we leveraged virtual production and AI-powered VFX. And there was a shot in the show that the creators wanted to show building collapsing of Buenos Aires. So our Eyeline team partnered with their creative team. Using AI powered tools, they were able to achieve an amazing result with remarkable speed and in fact, that VFX sequence was completed 10x faster than it could have been completed with visual — traditional VFX tools and workflows. And also, the cost of it just wouldn’t have been feasible for a show on that budget. So that sequence actually is the very first GenAI final footage to appear on screen in a Netflix original series or film. So the creators were thrilled with the result. We were thrilled with the result. And more importantly, the audience was thrilled with the result. So I think these tools are helping creators expand the possibilities of storytelling on screen, and that is endlessly exciting. Gregory Peters: And maybe to cover a few of the other areas. The member experience is a place where we feel like there’s tons of opportunity to leverage these new generative technologies to improve the experience. We’ve been in the personalization and recommendation business for 2 decades, but yet we see a tremendous room and opportunity to make it even better by leveraging some of the more newer generative techniques. We’re also rolling out, have piloted right now a conversational experience that uses, allows our members to basically have a sort of natural language discussion with our user interface thing. I want to watch a film from the ’80s that’s a dark psychological thriller, get some results back, maybe iterate through those in a way that you just couldn’t have done in our previous experiences. So that’s super exciting and we see that all of the work that we do there essentially is a force multiplier to that large content investment that we’re making. If we do a better job there, that means every dollar that we spend means more value back to our members by connecting them with the titles that they’re truly going to love. Advertising is another really great area. We’ve seen — it’s a high hurdle to create a brand forward spot in a creative universe of one of the titles that we’re currently carrying. But it’s very compelling for both watchers and for those brands, and we think these generative techniques can decrease that hurdle iteratively over time and enable us to do that in more and more spots. So there’s a bunch of places where we think we’ve got an advantage in terms of data and scale where we can leverage these new generative techniques to deliver just more benefits for our members and for our creative community. Theodore Sarandos: If you don’t mind me coming back for 1 second, I just rolled off Eyeline as if everyone knows what Eyeline is. I probably should clarify, that Eyeline is our production innovation group inside of our VFX house at Scanline, and they’re doing a lot of this work with our creators. So I just realized that just through that out there as if everyone knew. Spencer Wang: Thanks for clarifying, Ted. Let’s see. Our next question comes from Brian Pitz of BMO Capital Markets. With your evolving gaming ambitions, including partnerships with Grand Theft Auto and the recently announced Roblox agreement, can you talk to near-term monetization opportunities within gaming? Gregory Peters: Sure. We look at the near-term monetization opportunity with games very similar to how we’ve looked at other new content categories. You can think in scripted or film or on and on. And that’s essentially, if we deliver more value to our offering, we get increased user acquisition, we get increased retention, we get increased willingness to pay. So it drives all of the sort of core fundamentals of our business. We’ve seen those positive effects, albeit in a small way relative to the size of our overall business when it comes to members playing games on the service. We already have those positive proof points. And we’re going to ramp our investment in this area, which is currently quite small compared to our overall content investment as we ramp the size of those positive effects. So we want to remain disciplined in not investing too far ahead of demonstrating that we know how to translate that investment into value for our members. We’ve seen good progress, as you know, with licensed games like GTA. We’ve seen good progress with the games we developed like Squid Game: Unleashed. So you’ll see more from us in both of those categories, as well as a whole new set of interactive experiences that we think that we’re either in a unique or differential position to deliver. So we’re super excited to roll those out over the next year. And then we remain open — to the core question, remain open evolving our monetization model, but we have got to get to a lot more scale before that becomes a really materially relevant question. So we’re going to do that work first. And it’s probably worth restating the TAM for this market is very, very large. We remain convicted about our strategic opportunity and excited to make more progress. Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. We’ll take our last question from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America Securities. Given your healthy balance sheet and what appears to be a coming wave of M&A in media globally, are there certain types of assets that would strengthen your moat, i.e., what is your view of owning successful IP or studio assets as they come to market? Spencer Neumann: I’ll take that one, Spencer. Thanks, Jessica. Well, look, we agree. Continued consolidation of studio and network assets is likely but at least with respect to consolidation within legacy media, we don’t think it materially changes the competitive landscape. As you also know, we’ve historically been more builders than buyers, and we continue to see big runway for growth without fundamentally changing that playbook. You heard a lot of that today. So we look at a lot of things. We apply a framework or lens to those opportunities when we look at, is it a big opportunity? Does it strengthen our entertainment offering? Does it strengthen our capabilities? Does it accelerate our strategy? And we look at all of that relative to the opportunity cost of distraction or other alternatives. We’ve been pretty clear in the past that we also have no interest in owning legacy media network. So that also kind of reduces the funnel for us. But in general, we believe we can and will be choosy. We’ve got a great business. We’re predominantly focused on growing that organically, investing aggressively and responsibly into that growth and returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchase. And I think you’ll see us continue on that path. Spencer Wang: Great. Thanks, Spence. And that will wrap up our Q2 earnings call. So we thank you all for taking the time to join us, and we look forward to seeing you all next quarter. Thank you. Follow Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) Follow Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Share Q2 2025 MSN News NASDAQ:NFLX Earnings Call Transcript Related Insider Monkey Articles The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Webster Financial Corporation (NYSE:WBS) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Insteel Industries, Inc. (NYSE:IIIN) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript 10 Stocks Jim Cramer Discussed As He Shared Key Insights From Morgan Stanley... Cintas Corporation (NASDAQ:CTAS) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Transcript OFG Bancorp (NYSE:OFG) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +599.2% Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +227% Benchmark 50% S&P 500 ETF and 50% Russell 2000 ETF 500% 250% 0% Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through June 2, 2026) Subscribe Now 30 day money back guarantee. Cancel anytime. Hedge Fund Resource Center How to Best Use Insider Monkey to Increase Your Returns Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds Billionaire Hedge Funds Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $293,447,417,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $1,491,303,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $5,416,602,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $77,426,184,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $1,886,381,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,521,664,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $22,767,998,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $3,510,256,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $4,198,712,000 Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $6,160,740,000

=== EARNINGS DOCUMENT ===

EX-99.1 ex991_q225.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 July 17, 2025 Fellow shareholders, • Our business continues to perform well. In Q2, we grew revenue 16% and our operating margin of 34% expanded seven points year over year. Both revenue and operating income were slightly above our guidance due primarily to F/X, net of hedging, and the timing of expenses. • We now forecast 2025 revenue of $44.8-$45.2B, up from $43.5-$44.5B, and a F/X neutral operating margin of 29.5% (vs. 29% previously), or 30% on a reported basis. Our higher forecast primarily reflects the weakening of the US dollar vs. most other currencies, plus healthy member growth and ad sales. • We continue to make progress on our key business objectives: ◦ In Q2, we had a wide variety of hit series like Squid Game S3, Sirens , Ginny & Georgia S3, The Eternaut and Secrets We Keep , and popular films like Tyler Perry’s STRAW and Exterritorial . ◦ We have completed the rollout of the Netflix Ads Suite, our proprietary first-party ad tech platform, across all our ads markets. ◦ We have also launched our redesigned TV homepage, which we expect will enhance the member experience. This new TV UI is simpler, more intuitive and better represents the breadth of entertainment on Netflix today. • We’re optimistic heading into the second half of the year, with a standout slate that includes Wednesday S2, the Stranger Things finale, the highly anticipated Canelo-Crawford live boxing match, Adam Sandler’s Happy Gilmore 2 , Kathryn Bigelow’s A House of Dynamite and Guillermo del Toro’s Frankenstein . Our summary results, and forecast for Q3, are below. (in millions except per share data) Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Forecast Revenue $ 9,559 $ 9,825 $ 10,247 $ 10,543 $ 11,079 $ 11,526 Y/Y % Growth 16.8 % 15.0 % 16.0 % 12.5 % 15.9 % 17.3 % Operating Income $ 2,603 $ 2,909 $ 2,273 $ 3,347 $ 3,775 $ 3,625 Operating Margin 27.2 % 29.6 % 22.2 % 31.7 % 34.1 % 31.5 % Net Income $ 2,147 $ 2,364 $ 1,869 $ 2,890 $ 3,125 $ 2,979 Diluted EPS $ 4.88 $ 5.40 $ 4.27 $ 6.61 $ 7.19 $ 6.87 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,291 $ 2,321 $ 1,537 $ 2,789 $ 2,423 Free Cash Flow $ 1,213 $ 2,194 $ 1,378 $ 2,661 $ 2,267 Shares (FD) 439.7 437.9 437.8 437.0 434.9 __________________________________ Based on F/X rates as of 1/1/25. Q2 Results and Forecast Our Q2 revenue increased by 16% year over year (17% on a foreign exchange (F/X) neutral basis ). Year-over-year revenue growth was primarily a function of more members, higher subscription pricing and increased ad revenue. All regions experienced healthy year-over-year revenue growth, with each region posting double-digit F/X neutral increases. UCAN revenue growth accelerated year over year to 15% vs. 9% in Q1’25 due to the full quarter impact of price changes. Revenue was slightly above our guidance due primarily to favorable F/X impact, net of hedging. Member growth was ahead of our forecast, although this occurred late in the quarter, limiting the impact on Q2 revenue. Operating income totaled $3.8B, up 45% year over year, and operating margin was 34% vs 27% in Q2’24. Both operating income and operating margin were slightly ahead of our forecast given the revenue upside in the quarter and timing of expense spending. Diluted EPS amounted to $7.19 vs. $4.88 last year (+47% year over year). As a reminder, the guidance we provide is our actual internal forecast at the time we report and we strive for accuracy. Our primary financial metrics are revenue for growth and operating margin for profitability. Our goal is to sustain healthy revenue growth, expand operating margin and deliver growing free cash flow. In Q3’25, we expect revenue growth of 17% (on both a reported and F/X neutral basis) driven by growth in members, pricing and advertising revenue. We project operating margin of 31%, a two percentage point year-over-year improvement. Similar to past years, we expect our operating margin in the second half of 2025 will be lower than the first half due to higher content amortization and sales and marketing costs associated with our larger second half slate. For 2025, we are increasing our revenue forecast to $44.8B-$45.2B from $43.5B-$44.5B, previously. This represents 15%-16% year-over-year growth, or 16%-17% growth on a F/X neutral basis. The majority of the increase in our revenue forecast reflects the recent depreciation of the US dollar vs. most other currencies, with the balance attributable to continued business momentum driven by solid member growth and ad sales. As a result, we are now targeting a 29.5% operating margin for 2025, based on F/X rates at the beginning of the year, up from our prior 29% forecast. At current F/X rates, this would equate to roughly a 30% operating margin for 2025 on a reported basis. Content & Engagement Our goal is to offer a wide variety of quality series, films and games that our members love. This in turn drives engagement on Netflix and when people watch more and love what they watch, they stick around longer (retention), recommend Netflix to others (acquisition) and place a higher value on our service. We monetize this engagement through both subscription and advertising revenue. __________________________________ Excluding the year over year effect of foreign exchange rate movements and the impact of hedging gains/losses realized as revenues. Assumes foreign exchange rates remained constant with foreign exchange rates from each of the corresponding months of the prior-year period. We’re pleased with the performance of our Q2 slate. Highlights include: • A number of hit series including Sirens * (56M views ), Ginny & Georgia S3* (53M views), Mad Unicorn * from Thailand (7M views), Dept. Q * from the UK (28M views), Secrets We Keep * from Denmark (35M views), the animated Asterix & Obelix: The Big Fight * from France (16M views) and The Eternaut * from Argentina (29M views). • New series out of the US, like The Four Seasons * starring Tina Fey and Steve Carell (40M views), Ransom Canyon * (30M views) and FOREVER * (20M views) all delighted members and have been renewed for second seasons. • Film releases including Exterritorial * from Germany, which became our fourth most popular non-English language film ever (89M views), Tyler Perry’s STRAW * (109M views), Nonnas * (60M views) starring Vince Vaughn, as well as iHostage * from the Netherlands (58M views), K.O. * from France (46M views), Karol G: Tomorrow was Beautiful * from Colombia (13M views) and Bullet Train Explosion * from Japan (34M views). • Our new film KPop Demon Hunters * (80M views) is one of our biggest animated films ever and is becoming a sensation as fictional bands featured in the film are currently breaking K-pop records set by BTS and Blackpink. It’s the highest-charting soundtrack of 2025 on the Billboard 200 and just this week, "Golden" hit #1 on the Billboard Global Charts, becoming the biggest song in the world. The soundtrack is currently the #1 movie soundtrack on Spotify, is the first K-pop album to ever be #1 on the US Apple Music chart and on iTunes charts simultaneously, and there are seven tracks from the album on the Billboard Hot 100 . • Finally, our Q2 slate wrapped up on a high note with Squid Game S3* (122M views), which has already become our sixth biggest season of any series in our history, with just a few weeks of viewing so far. Korean content continues to be popular with our audience. In addition to Squid Game , Weak Hero: Class 2 * (20M views), Mercy For None * (18M views) and Tastefully Yours * (15M views) were some of our most popular Korean series released in Q2. We lead the industry in viewing transparency. In addition to the quarterly data we provide in our investor letter, we also publish weekly Top 10 and Most Popular lists, and in 2023, we began releasing a comprehensive report of what people watched on Netflix over a six-month period. As mentioned in our Q4’24 letter, we’ll be publishing this bi-annual Engagement Report , which covers ~99% of what people watched on Netflix, in tandem with our Q2 and Q4 earnings letters. As you can see from the report: • Even with our 2025 slate being unusually second-half weighted , our members watched over 95 billion hours on Netflix in the first half of the year, a 1% increase year over year. • Non-English language series and films are very popular and represented more than one-third of all Netflix viewing in the first half of the year. __________________________________ A view is defined as hours viewed divided by runtime for each title. Views for a title are based on the first 91 days since the release of each episode (less than 91 days denoted with an asterisk and data is from launch date through July 13, 2025). We publish our top titles based on views each week at Netflix Top 10 . https://www.netflix.com/tudum/top10 https://www.bbc.com/culture/article/20250715-the-animated-k-pop-film-that-swept-the-world https://variety.com/2025/music/news/kpop-demon-hunters-soundtrack-albums-chart-1236459821/ https://www.billboard.com/music/chart-beat/huntr-x-golden-global-charts-number-one-july-19-1236020891/ https://www.billboard.com/pro/kpop-demon-hunters-billboard-hot-100-seven-hits-golden/ https://www.netflix.com/tudum/top10 https://www.netflix.com/tudum/top10/most-popular/tv https://about.netflix.com/en/news/what-we-watched-the-first-half-of-2025 As you can see from the only 3% year over year increase in content amortization in 1H25 (in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows) vs. our expectation for high single digit growth for the full year 2025. • Our most-watched titles during this period reflect that great stories can come from anywhere and include Adolescence from the UK, all three seasons of Squid Game from Korea, Zero Day from the US and Secrets We Keep from Denmark. Our most-watched films include Back in Action , Tyler Perry’s STRAW and The Life List from the US, Exterritorial from Germany and Counterattack from Mexico. • Our viewing is very broad and we’re not dependent on any one title to drive engagement—for instance, even our biggest titles that have tens of millions of views account for less than 1% of total viewing on Netflix in the reporting period. • Our titles have staying power, with nearly half of the viewing of Netflix originals coming from titles launched in 2023 or earlier. Money Heist , Lucifer , Red Notice , Leo and We Can Be Heroes each had more than 20M views in the first half of 2025. At Netflix, our content strategy is “local for local”—developing shows and films that deeply connect with audiences in their home countries. To achieve this, we have creative teams around the world collaborating with local talent to produce stories that reflect their cultures and interests. This approach continues to deliver results. In Q2, Spanish series and films such as The Gardener (34M views), Bad Influence * (46M views) and A Widow’s Game * (43M views) were hits with Spanish-speaking audiences and also found fans internationally. Building on this momentum, in June we announced an investment of over one billion Euros in Spain between 2025-2028 to further expand our Spanish programming slate. As we saw with Squid Game from South Korea, every so often a show becomes a true global phenomenon—captivating audiences not just in its home country, but around the world. Squid Game was created first and foremost for Korean viewers, but its authentic storytelling and universal themes resonated far beyond Korea’s borders. As we grow globally, our most significant investment remains in the US , which accounts for the majority of our content spend, workforce and production infrastructure. From 2020-2024, we estimate that we contributed $125 billion to the US economy. Our expansion in Albuquerque, NM—adding four new soundstages to a 108-acre site—and our plan to invest roughly $1B to develop a state-of-the-art production facility (including 12 new soundstages) in Fort Monmouth, NJ, underscore our ongoing commitment to production in the US. We recently announced a partnership with leading local broadcaster TF1 in France which will allow us to offer TF1’s linear channels and on-demand content to our French members as part of their Netflix subscription without having to leave our service. The wide variety of additional content will include local titles and genres like soap operas, big weekly competition shows and major live sports programming such as the UEFA Nations League that is incremental to what we offer our members today. The partnership will go live in the summer of 2026 and we expect to learn about the value this expanded local programming can provide our members. We continue to invest in immersive, narrative games based on our IP. For example, in Q2 in conjunction with Black Mirror S7, we launched Thronglets , the game at the center of the episode “Plaything.” The mobile game immersed fans in the world of Black Mirror like never before. And, alongside the series finale of Squid Game , we made significant updates to Squid Game: Unleashed , introducing new games, characters and Play Along rewards based on season 3. __________________________________ https://about.netflix.com/en/news/netflix-will-invest-more-than-eur1-billion-in-spain-between-2025-and-2028 https://about.netflix.com/en/news/made-in-america-how-netflix-contributes-to-the-us-economy https://about.netflix.com/en/news/netflix-and-tf1-group-join-forces-to-bring-tf1-to-netflix-members-in-france In May, we celebrated our upcoming series and films with Tudum 2025: The Live Event , our biggest global fan event, which we hosted in Los Angeles and streamed live on Netflix. The event generated over 1.4 billion global impressions across Netflix and talent social media channels, highlighting the enthusiasm our audiences have for our upcoming slate over the remainder of the year. Still to come in the back of the year are returning hit series including second seasons of Wednesday and Emmy nominated Nobody Wants This , season 3 of Alice in Borderland from Japan and the fifth and final season of Stranger Things . New installments of fan favorite films include Happy Gilmore with Adam Sandler, Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Destination Wedding , Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery and Troll 2 from Norway. We also have exciting new series including Billionaires’ Bunker , from Spain’s Money Heist creator Álex Pina; Black Rabbit , a thriller starring Jason Bateman and Jude Law; House of Guinness , from Peaky Blinders UK creator Steven Knight; and Las Muertas from Mexico. Our film slate includes French Lover starring Lupin’s Omar Sy; My Oxford Year starring Sofia Carson ( The Life List ) and Corey Mylchreest ( Queen Charlotte ); Academy Award winner Kathryn Bigelow’s A House of Dynamite ; Academy Award nominee Noah Baumbach’s Jay Kelly starring George Clooney and Adam Sandler; the animated film In Your Dreams ; and Academy Award winner Guillermo del Toro’s Frankenstein . Our unscripted slate in 2H’25 includes Building the Band , which premiered last week, America’s Team: The Gambler and His Cowboys , season 9 of Love is Blind and a new documentary about Victoria Beckham. We continue to expand our live programming with big, can’t miss special events. We have two marquee boxing matches in Q3, including last week’s Taylor vs. Serrano rematch and the much-anticipated Canelo vs. Crawford fight on September 13th. We also look forward to our NFL Christmas Day doubleheader, featuring two compelling divisional matchups—Dallas Cowboys vs. Washington Commanders and Detroit Lions vs. Minnesota Vikings. We couldn’t do what we do without great creative partners and we’re thrilled that many had the quality of their work recognized this quarter. Earlier this week, Netflix received 120 Primetime Emmy nominations across 44 titles, including three of the five Limited Series program nominations ( Adolescence , Black Mirror , Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story , all of which were on the Global Top 10 list for at least five weeks) and nominations in every major show category. Beyond the US, our shows and films and talent are also celebrated by some of the most prestigious awards bodies, including The Ariel Awards, which recognizes the best of Mexican cinema, who awarded Pedro Páramo with 17 nominations, and the Logie Awards in Australia, where Netflix received 18 nominations. Product In the second quarter, we introduced our redesigned TV homepage which we expect will enhance the member experience. We've had a design that has served us very well over a decade, but our new TV experience is simpler, more intuitive and better represents the breadth of entertainment on Netflix today. The new design more intuitively displays key information such as each title’s trailer video, synopsis and other details (callouts like “#1 in TV Shows”). Roughly half of the time members come to Netflix with something already in mind, and the other half of the time, they’re looking for a little bit of help from us. That’s why it’s so important for us to make it easy to get to titles and destinations already in mind, as well as improve the personalized recommendations for our members at any given moment. __________________________________ https://www.netflix.com/tudum/features/tudum-2025-the-live-event https://www.instagram.com/p/DKXoMrghfXm/ https://www.instagram.com/p/DKYTajwv0gE/ https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/tv/tv-news/taylor-serrano-3-ratings-netflix-6-million-viewers-1236314177/ https://www.netflix.com/tudum/features/canelo-crawford-live-on-netflix We have already rolled out our new interface to a broad subset of TV devices that access Netflix, and ~50% of members have used the new experience. Early results are encouraging, outperforming pre-launch testing and demonstrating strong member interest in the new features. Over time, we expect this redesigned experience—along with our new responsive recommendations that update rows of titles in real time—will help our members more easily find shows, movies, live events and games they want to watch and play. Monetization As we deliver more value to members, we continue to refine our plans and pricing to improve monetization which in turn allows us to reinvest to make Netflix even better for our members. Response to our recent price adjustments, as measured by member acquisition, churn and plan mix, has been broadly in line with our expectations. We continue to make progress building our ads business and still expect to roughly double ads revenue in 2025. A key focus this year is enhancing our capabilities for advertisers. We completed the rollout of the Netflix Ads Suite, our in-house first-party ad tech platform, to all of our ads markets and early results are in-line with our expectations. We believe our ad tech platform is foundational to our long-term ads strategy and, over time, will enable us to offer better measurement, enhanced targeting, innovative ad formats and expanded programmatic capabilities. We also recently announced we will integrate Yahoo DSP into our programmatic offering. Our US upfront is nearly complete as we have closed the vast majority of our deals with the major agencies. We’re pleased with the results which are consistent with our goal to roughly double ads revenue this year. Clients are excited about our growing scale, the successful rollout of our tech stack, as well as our upcoming programming slate. Cash Flow and Capital Structure Our capital allocation approach is unchanged—we prioritize profitable growth by reinvesting in our business, maintaining ample liquidity and returning excess cash (beyond several billion dollars of minimum cash and any used for selective M&A) to shareholders through share repurchases. Net cash generated from operating activities in Q2 was $2.4B vs. $1.3B in the prior year period. Free cash flow in Q2’25 totaled $2.3B vs. $1.2B in Q2’24. We are increasing our full year 2025 free cash flow forecast to $8B-$8.5B from approximately $8B due to the increase in our revenue and operating margin forecast. During the quarter, we paid down $1.0B of USD and EUR senior notes using proceeds from our 2024 refinancing, and we repurchased 1.5M shares for $1.6B. We have $12.0B remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with gross debt of $14.5B and cash and cash equivalents of $8.2B. In May 2025, we established a commercial paper (CP) program, providing us with enhanced flexibility and the ability to issue short-term, unsecured notes in an aggregate amount of up to $3B. Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) We recently published our 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report . Key updates for 2024 include how we are decarbonizing our operations, including the productions of our films and series; investing in our people around the world and developing the next generation of talent; and maintaining our corporate governance structure to support healthy growth and create long-term shareholder value. Reference For quick reference, our past investor letters can be found here . ___________________________________ Defined as cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and change in other assets. https://ir.netflix.net/2024-ESG-Report https://ir.netflix.net/financials/quarterly-earnings/default.aspx Regional Breakdown (in millions) Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25

UCAN: Revenue $ 4,296 $ 4,322 $ 4,517 $ 4,617 $ 4,929 Y/Y % Growth % % % % % F/X Neutral Y/Y % Growth % % % % %

EMEA: Revenue $ 3,008 $ 3,133 $ 3,288 $ 3,405 $ 3,538 Y/Y % Growth % % % % % F/X Neutral Y/Y % Growth % % % % %

LATAM: Revenue $ 1,204 $ 1,241 $ 1,230 $ 1,262 $ 1,307 Y/Y % Growth % % % % % F/X Neutral Y/Y % Growth % % % % %

APAC: Revenue $ 1,052 $ 1,128 $ 1,212 $ 1,259 $ 1,305 Y/Y % Growth % % % % % F/X Neutral Y/Y % Growth % % % % % F/X Neutral revenue growth excludes the year over year effect of foreign exchange rate movements and the impact of hedging gains/losses realized as revenues. Assumes foreign exchange rates remained constant with foreign exchange rates from each of the corresponding months of the prior-year period. F/X Neutral Operating Margin Disclosure To provide additional transparency around our operating margin, we disclose each quarter our year-to-date (YTD) operating margin based on F/X rates at the beginning of each year. This will allow investors to see how our operating margin is tracking against our target (which was set in January of 2025 based on F/X rates at that time), absent intra-year fluctuations in F/X. July 17, 2025 Earnings Interview, 1:45pm PT Our live video interview will be on youtube/netflixir at 1:45pm PT today. Co-CEOs Greg Peters and Ted Sarandos, CFO Spence Neumann and VP of Finance/IR/Corporate Development Spencer Wang, will all be on the video to answer questions submitted by sellside analysts. IR Contact: PR Contact: Lowell Singer Emily Feingold VP, Investor Relations VP, Corporate Communications 818 434-2141 323 287-0756 __________________________________ https://www.youtube.com/netflixir Use of Non-GAAP Measures This shareholder letter and its attachments include reference to the non-GAAP financial measures of F/X neutral revenue and adjusted operating profit and margin, free cash flow and net debt. Management believes that free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make strategic acquisitions and investments and for certain other activities like stock repurchases. Management believes that F/X neutral revenue and adjusted operating profit and margin allow investors to compare our projected results to our actual results absent year-over-year and intra-year currency fluctuations, respectively, and the impact of restructuring costs. Management believes net debt is a useful measure of the company's liquidity, capital structure, and leverage. However, these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net income, operating income (profit), operating margin, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of these non-GAAP measures are contained in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial statements and in the F/X neutral operating margin disclosure above. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures because we are unable to predict without unreasonable effort the exact amount or timing of the reconciling items, including property and equipment and change in other assets, and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. The variability of these items could have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results. Forward-Looking Statements This shareholder letter contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding our expected results for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025 and fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; priorities for 2025; adoption and growth of streaming entertainment; growth strategy and outlook; investments; partnerships; market opportunity; competitive landscape and position; entertainment offerings, including TV shows, movies, games, and live programming; engagement; production infrastructure; slate strength; pricing and plans strategy; ad-supported tier and its prospects; advertising, including sales and our ad-tech platform; product strategy, including redesigned TV interface and recommendations; impact of foreign exchange rates; foreign currency exchange hedging program; stock repurchases; commercial paper program; advertising revenue; revenue and revenue growth; membership growth; operating income, operating margin, net income, earnings per share, capital allocation, and free cash flow. The forward-looking statements in this letter are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ, including, without limitation: our ability to attract new members and engage and retain existing members; our ability to compete effectively, including for consumer engagement with different modes of entertainment; failing to improve the variety and quality of entertainment offerings; adoption of the ads plan and paid sharing; maintenance and expansion of device platforms for streaming; fluctuations in consumer usage of our service; service disruptions; production risks; macroeconomic conditions; content slate and timing of content releases. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on January 27, 2025. The Company provides internal forecast numbers. Investors should anticipate that actual performance will vary from these forecast numbers based on risks and uncertainties discussed above and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this shareholder letter. Netflix, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, March 31, June 30, June 30, June 30, Revenues $ 11,079,166 $ 10,542,801 $ 9,559,310 $ 21,621,967 $ 18,929,750 Cost of revenues 5,325,311 5,263,147 5,174,143 10,588,458 10,151,216 Sales and marketing 713,265 688,370 644,084 1,401,635 1,298,424 Technology and development 824,683 822,823 711,254 1,647,506 1,413,727 General and administrative 441,213 421,462 426,992 862,675 831,012 Operating income 3,774,694 3,346,999 2,602,837 7,121,693 5,235,371 Other income (expense): Interest expense (182,649) (184,172) (167,986) (366,821) (341,300) Interest and other income (expense) 39,630 50,899 79,005 90,529 234,364 Income before income taxes 3,631,675 3,213,726 2,513,856 6,845,401 5,128,435 Provision for income taxes (506,262) (323,375) (366,550) (829,637) (648,920) Net income $ 3,125,413 $ 2,890,351 $ 2,147,306 $ 6,015,764 $ 4,479,515 Earnings per share: Basic $ 7.35 $ 6.76 $ 4.99 $ 14.11 $ 10.39 Diluted $ 7.19 $ 6.61 $ 4.88 $ 13.80 $ 10.16 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic 425,211 427,270 430,065 426,235 431,078 Diluted 434,883 436,962 439,739 435,917 440,697 Netflix, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) As of June 30, December 31, (unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,177,405 $ 7,804,733 Short-term investments 213,115 1,779,006 Other current assets 3,602,586 3,516,640 Total current assets 11,993,106 13,100,379 Content assets, net 32,089,394 32,452,462 Property and equipment, net 1,743,566 1,593,756 Other non-current assets 7,273,598 6,483,777 Total assets $ 53,099,664 $ 53,630,374 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Current content liabilities $ 4,091,770 $ 4,393,681 Accounts payable 632,718 899,909 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 2,489,486 2,156,544 Deferred revenue 1,728,361 1,520,813 Short-term debt — 1,784,453 Total current liabilities 8,942,335 10,755,400 Non-current content liabilities 1,606,404 1,780,806 Long-term debt 14,453,206 13,798,351 Other non-current liabilities 3,145,820 2,552,250 Total liabilities 28,147,765 28,886,807 Stockholders' equity: Common stock 6,932,828 6,252,126 Treasury stock at cost (18,392,942) (13,171,638) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (904,668) 362,162 Retained earnings 37,316,681 31,300,917 Total stockholders' equity 24,951,899 24,743,567 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 53,099,664 $ 53,630,374 Supplemental Information Total streaming content obligations* $ 20,967,270 $ 23,248,931 * Total streaming content obligations are comprised of content liabilities included in "Current content liabilities" and "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they did not yet meet the criteria for recognition. Netflix, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) (in thousands) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, March 31, June 30, June 30, June 30, Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 3,125,413 $ 2,890,351 $ 2,147,306 $ 6,015,764 $ 4,479,515 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Additions to content assets (3,835,813) (3,549,657) (4,048,852) (7,385,470) (7,777,819) Change in content liabilities (214,052) (411,253) (366,572) (625,305) (556,013) Amortization of content assets 3,832,074 3,823,112 3,769,690 7,655,186 7,440,495 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles 80,013 80,067 81,227 160,080 168,461 Stock-based compensation expense 80,862 71,977 68,766 152,839 145,111 Foreign currency remeasurement loss (gain) on debt 55,238 28,547 (42,692) 83,785 (173,493) Other non-cash items 120,139 114,730 138,588 234,869 235,769 Deferred income taxes (135,755) (163,928) (209,387) (299,683) (316,464) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other current assets (176,683) (131,367) (28,959) (308,050) 9,090 Accounts payable 11,046 (276,426) (19,358) (265,380) (164,623) Accrued expenses and other liabilities (267,235) 306,413 (114,303) 39,178 137,479 Deferred revenue 118,635 88,913 4,236 207,548 30,751 Other non-current assets and liabilities (370,624) (82,280) (88,843) (452,904) (154,890) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,423,258 2,789,199 1,290,847 5,212,457 3,503,369 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (155,889) (128,277) (78,287) (284,166) (154,001) Purchases of investments (1,650) (156,015) — (157,665) — Proceeds from maturities and sales of investments 962,413 769,954 — 1,732,367 — Other investing activities (36,190) — — (36,190) — Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 768,684 485,662 (78,287) 1,254,346 (154,001) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of debt (1,033,450) (800,000) — (1,833,450) (400,000) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 169,066 351,602 118,750 520,668 387,631 Repurchases of common stock (1,654,327) (3,536,396) (1,599,998) (5,190,723) (3,599,998) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards (6,114) (27,870) (1,883) (33,984) (3,708) Other financing activities 21,957 (15,652) (6,250) 6,305 (6,250) Net cash used in financing activities (2,502,868) (4,028,316) (1,489,381) (6,531,184) (3,622,325) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 287,471 150,146 (122,723) 437,617 (218,513) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 976,545 (603,309) (399,544) 373,236 (491,470) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 7,204,028 7,807,337 7,026,589 7,807,337 7,118,515 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 8,180,573 $ 7,204,028 $ 6,627,045 $ 8,180,573 $ 6,627,045 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, March 31, June 30, June 30, June 30, Non-GAAP free cash flow reconciliation: Net cash provided by operating activities $ 2,423,258 $ 2,789,199 $ 1,290,847 $ 5,212,457 $ 3,503,369 Purchases of property and equipment (155,889) (128,277) (78,287) (284,166) (154,001) Non-GAAP free cash flow $ 2,267,369 $ 2,660,922 $ 1,212,560 $ 4,928,291 $ 3,349,368 Netflix, Inc. Non-GAAP Information (unaudited) (in thousands, except percentages) The tables below provide a non-GAAP reconciliation of reported and constant currency revenue growth by region for the quarters ended June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, March 31, 2025, and June 30, 2025. The regions presented in the tables below include United States and Canada ("UCAN"), Europe, Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA"), Latin America ("LATAM"), and Asia-Pacific ("APAC"). Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Change June 30, June 30, Q2'24 vs. Q2'23 As Reported Constant Currency Adjustment Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Revenues Less Hedging Impact Reported Change Constant Currency Change UCAN (1) $ 4,295,560 $ 2,120 $ (3,183) $ 4,294,497 $ 3,599,448 $ — $ 3,599,448 % % EMEA 3,007,772 61,838 (15,344) 3,054,266 2,562,170 — 2,562,170 % % LATAM 1,204,145 344,707 (1,759) 1,547,093 1,077,435 — 1,077,435 % % APAC 1,051,833 55,003 (13,015) 1,093,821 919,273 — 919,273 % % Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, Q3'24 vs. Q3'23 As Reported Constant Currency Adjustment Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Revenues Less Hedging Impact Reported Change Constant Currency Change UCAN (1) $ 4,322,476 $ 7,898 $ (3,265) $ 4,327,109 $ 3,735,133 $ — $ 3,735,133 % % EMEA 3,133,466 31,454 (1,857) 3,163,063 2,693,146 — 2,693,146 % % LATAM 1,240,892 456,746 (34,654) 1,662,984 1,142,811 — 1,142,811 % % APAC 1,127,869 28,055 (8,408) 1,147,516 948,216 — 948,216 % % Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Change December 31, December 31, Q4'24 vs. Q4'23 As Reported Constant Currency Adjustment Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Revenues Less Hedging Impact Reported Change Constant Currency Change UCAN $ 4,517,018 $ 3,153 $ (5,564) $ 4,514,607 $ 3,930,557 $ — $ 3,930,557 % % EMEA 3,287,604 (46,338) (12,789) 3,228,477 2,783,530 — 2,783,530 % % LATAM 1,229,771 356,709 (28,307) 1,558,173 1,156,023 — 1,156,023 % % APAC 1,212,120 (12,752) (7,107) 1,192,261 962,715 — 962,715 % % (1) Excludes DVD revenues in the prior year comparative periods of June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Change March 31, March 31, Q1'25 vs. Q1'24 As Reported Constant Currency Adjustment Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Revenues Less Hedging Impact Reported Change Constant Currency Change UCAN $ 4,617,098 $ 23,338 $ (14,552) $ 4,625,884 $ 4,224,315 $ $ 4,225,146 % % EMEA 3,404,676 146,975 (105,225) 3,446,426 2,958,193 4,687 2,962,880 % % LATAM 1,261,934 243,068 (13,936) 1,491,066 1,165,008 6,266 1,171,274 % % APAC 1,259,093 62,243 (31,083) 1,290,253 1,022,924 (543) 1,022,381 % % Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Change June 30, June 30, Q2'25 vs. Q2'24 As Reported Constant Currency Adjustment Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Hedging (Gains) Losses Included in Revenues Revenues Less Hedging Impact Reported Change Constant Currency Change UCAN $ 4,929,003 $ 8,036 $ (6,431) $ 4,930,608 $ 4,295,560 $ (3,183) $ 4,292,377 % % EMEA 3,538,175 (122,664) 42,049 3,457,560 3,007,772 (15,344) 2,992,428 % % LATAM 1,306,735 161,306 14,033 1,482,074 1,204,145 (1,759) 1,202,386 % % APAC 1,305,253 (16,166) (12,266) 1,276,821 1,051,833 (13,015) 1,038,818 % % Total Revenues $ 11,079,166 $ 30,512 $ 37,385 $ 11,147,063 $ 9,559,310 $ (33,301) $ 9,526,009 % % As of June 30, Non-GAAP Net Debt reconciliation: Total debt $ 14,453,206 Add: Debt issuance costs and original issue discount 61,774 Less: Cash and cash equivalents (8,177,405) Less: Short-term investments (213,115) Net debt $ 6,124,460