=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript - Insider Monkey Log In Sign Up Premium #1 AI Stock to Buy Markets News Tech Market Movers Futures Forex Macroeconomic Predictions Economy Industries Options Insider Trading Main Education Center Insider Trading Screener Insider Purchases Insider Sales Browse Companies Transcripts Latest 13D & 13G Filings Hedge Funds Main Education Center Browse Hedge Funds Investor Letters Best Performing Worst Performing Other Institutional Investors Retirement ETF Trading Commodities Gold Dividend Stocks Opinion Main Hedge Fund Analysis Stock Analysis We Disagree Lists Authors Premium Newsletters My Subscriptions Premium Readership Log In Sign Up Our #1 AI Stock Pick — 33% OFF: $9.99 (was $14.99) Monthly picks · Ad-free browsing · 30-day money back guarantee Our #1 AI Stock Pick — 33% OFF: $9.99 (was $14.99) Monthly picks · Ad-free browsing Unlock Now — $9.99 × Companies See All Hedge Funds See All Insiders See All Institutional Investors See All Click here to see all results for Sorry, no results has been found matching your query. News Transcripts The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Published on October 22, 2025 at 8:03 am by Insider Monkey Transcripts in News , Transcripts Share The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW ) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript October 16, 2025 The Charles Schwab Corporation beats earnings expectations. Reported EPS is $1.31, expectations were $1.25. Lauren Gaspar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Schwab’s 2025 Fall Business Update, broadcasting live from our Westlake headquarters. This is Lauren Gaspar, Managing Director of Investor Relations, and I am joined by President and CEO, Rick Wurster and CFO, Mike Verdeschi. Hopefully, everyone has had an opportunity to review our strong results for the third quarter were released about an hour ago. The team is looking forward to sharing additional insights into those results, along with the broader strategic and financial update as we head into the final chapter of 2025. As always, let’s quickly hit on the typical housekeeping items. The slides for the business update will be posted to their usual spot on the IR website at the conclusion of today’s prepared remarks. Q&A remains structured as one question, no follow-ups. And please, let’s try to avoid the multilayered questions disguised as one. This will allow us to address as many questions as possible during our time together. As always, please don’t hesitate to reach out to your friendly IR team with any follow-up questions after today’s business update. And last but certainly not least, everyone’s favorite part of these business updates, the forward-looking statements page. Given the importance of these statements, I would like to break from tradition and read them out loud in their entirety. Just kidding, but seriously, they are important. So do take a look at them and remember that outcomes can differ from expectations, so please keep in touch with our disclosures. And now it is my pleasure to turn it over to Rick to start us off. Richard Wurster: Thank you, Lauren, and thanks, everyone, for joining us for our fall business update. Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy continues to drive growth on all fronts. In the third quarter, clients opened up 1.1 million new brokerage accounts and trusted Schwab at approximately $138 billion in core net new assets. Year-to-date, we’ve attracted nearly $356 billion in core NNA. Clients are deepening their relationships with us by conducting more of their financial lives here, as seen by our record wealth and lending flows. Daily average trades remained above $7 million for the third consecutive quarter, and margin balances reached a record $97.2 billion. With engaged clients, a supportive market and strong execution, we delivered another quarter of record results with 27% year-over-year revenue growth and 70% year-over-year adjusted earnings growth. And we returned excess capital in multiple forms. As we head into the final stretch of 2025, we are playing offense with ongoing investments that will continue to drive profitable growth through the cycle. Equity markets reached all-time highs in the third quarter and investor sentiment landed in bold territory. We are here to support investors through market cycles and make a difference in their financial lives. This quarter, I visited 19 of our branches across the country, several of our Schwab Wealth Advisory offices and met with multiple dozens of our RIA clients. Broadly speaking, our clients are happy because markets are up. Client wealth is at all-time high, and they are asking us how to protect it, pass it along and grow it. And this is when they turn to Schwab. We provide exceptional service platforms and advice in the channel of our clients’ choice. In the third quarter, we supported nearly 570 million digital logins, 7 million calls, 36% growth in interactions with our research content and thousands of interactions in our 400 branches in local communities across our country and overseas. We are here for clients when, where and how they need us. Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy, combined with our diversified business model and ongoing investments in client experiences and capabilities is powering growth on all fronts with clients across our solutions and on all financial measures. Starting with client growth, investors opened more than 1 million new brokerage accounts, and we attracted in core net new assets in the third quarter, a 44% increase over the last year. We said we’d make progress in getting back to our historic organic growth range. And as you can see, we’ve made substantial progress on our path to 5%. We believe we are positioned incredibly well in the 2 fastest-growing areas of the market. Through the cycle, we remain confident in our ability to grow at levels consistent with our historic range. This quarter, our strong NNA was helped by the market environment, improvement with legacy Ameritrade clients and high client satisfaction and engagement. We’re continuing to deepen relationships with former Ameritrade clients who have been positive contributors to NNA throughout 2025. While they have not yet reached the organic growth rate levels we see among legacy Schwab clients, CPS scores among former Ameritrade clients have improved 11 points this year. Turning to our solutions growth. Clients are deepening their Schwab relationships by conducting more of their financial lives with us across our wealth, lending and trading solutions. Managed investing net flows increased 40% year-over-year with 30% of flows from legacy Ameritrade clients. Schwab Wealth Advisory, our flagship wealth offer achieved another quarter of record flows and continues to delight clients with a record Client Promoter Score of 85. Bank lending balances are up 24% overall with PAL balances reaching record levels. Traders continue to turn to us for our world-class offer, thinkorswim adoption among Schwab legacy clients has increased 98% over last year. We’re also here for our clients who are looking for crypto exposure. Visits to our digital assets content on schwab.com are up 92% year-over-year, and Schwab has approximately a 20% share of the spot crypto ETP market. We know that our clients who have allocated a small portion of their portfolios in spot crypto at other firms are eager to bring those assets to Schwab. We remain on track to launch spot crypto in the first half of 2026, starting with Bitcoin and Ethereum. We’ll watch this offer to Schwab way with a powerful combination of education, research, risk management and the service clients expect all at great value. Our offer will allow clients to access crypto directly alongside their existing investments and our banking capabilities, which will be a strong differentiator. Our financials are the third dimension of growth, and we delivered record results this quarter. Net revenues increased 27% year-over-year to a new quarterly record and we delivered record quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $1.31. As we look to the future, we’re confident in our ability to continue driving growth on all fronts and across a range of environments and I’ll spend the next few minutes highlighting why. One, we are in a strong competitive position. We serve 45 million client accounts and $11.59 trillion in assets, making us #1 among peers who report on that metric. We are #1 in RIA custodial assets and we’re #1 in retail trading as measured by daily average trades with no close second. We continue to receive recognition from respected third parties because we stand apart by putting clients financial well-being at the forefront of every decision. Our no trade-offs approach offers an unmatched breadth of capabilities, education, research and service with a combination of industry-leading digital experiences and deep client relationships to help clients achieve their desired outcome. Two, our business fundamentals are healthy. We look at this across a few dimensions, First, clients are highly engaged with both Schwab and the markets. Total client interactions within our branches on chat, e-mail and on the phones are up 19% year-over-year. And we exceeded 500 million digital client logins across mobile and web for the third consecutive quarter. Daily average trades remained above $7 million during the quarter and clients have increased their use of margin to record levels, up 33% over last year. Second, we’re delivering world-class service. We’re entering the phones in less than 30 seconds on average and more than 75% of questions are answered without the need to transfer the call. And third, most importantly, clients are happy. Overall satisfaction scores for our service organization are at an all-time high of 88%. Client Promoter Scores for IS and AS are at record levels, meaning we are delivering for clients when and where they need us. It’s important to remember that for 50 years, we have championed our investors’ financial goals and done everything we can to make clients better off in their financial life. Three, we’re attracting a diverse range of clients. We’re continuing to attract and serve RIAs of all sizes and our Advisor Services business is thriving. In our Retail business, we are attracting and serving investors of all ages, and we see significant engagement from younger clients. When we think about our mission and the opportunity to get more Americans invested, it is encouraging that industry research shows Gen Z is 45% more likely to start investing by the age of 21 as compared to Millennials. And we see these trends playing out among our client base. This year, nearly 1/3 of new-to-firm retail households at Schwab are Gen Zers, investors between the ages of 13 and 28. One of the reasons they’re turning to Schwab is because we’re meeting them in the channels where they turn for information about investing. We know they learn about finances primarily through social media and family. Their top online resource is YouTube, and we’re the #1 financial services firm on YouTube by followers. And younger investors at Schwab are highly engaged in building their wealth over the long term. In fact, 1/3 of retail households who created a financial plan within the last 2 years are under the age of 40. While client assets are more concentrated among older generations today, the average age of our clients continues to get younger. Finally, a growing portion of new to firm households are traders. Traders of all ages and experienced levels are coming to Schwab, including younger traders. Younger traders are turning to us because they recognize the potential that trading has in helping build wealth over time. And they’re turning to Schwab because we have the platforms, tools, education, coaching, expertise and service they need to help them succeed, a combination that cannot find anywhere else. Finally, we remain committed to our 4 strategic focus areas to meet the evolving needs of our clients. At the start of the year, I laid out our priorities: growth, scale and efficiency, the brilliant basics and our people. I’ll spend just a few minutes sharing highlights on progress we’ve made. Our first focus area is driving growth by deepening relationships with our clients. I’ll highlight just a few ways we’re delivering on this priority. In our Advisor Services business, we’re deepening relationships with that 16,000 RIA firms we serve by building a broader support ecosystem that extends beyond custody alone to add value for RIAs. We’ve grown our lending support, alternatives capability and expanded our institutional no transaction fee mutual fund platform to include funds from nearly 60 managers with no transaction fees for clients. We also launched Advisor ProDirect, which helps breakaway advisers on their path to independence. Finally, we supported the largest adviser transition in the history of our industry by welcoming OpenArc to our platform in September. In our retail business, we’re expanding our branch footprint and hiring financial consultants and wealth consultants to serve even more of our higher net worth clients. These investments are important because we know that clients who have an FC relationship have higher CPS scores, while also bringing in more than 2.5x the NNA and engaging more in our trading, wealth and banking solutions. We’re investing in deepening relationships within clients and enhancing how we support their financial life. We’ve enhanced Schwab Wealth Advisory adding a discretionary offer. We’ve launched alternatives. We’ve invested in tax, trust and estate capabilities, and we’ve added more experts to support more clients. Within our banking offer, our budget asset line experience continues to lead the industry with cycle times of about 1 day and clients can now borrow against most managed investing assets they hold at Schwab, meaning they can borrow more. And we’re continuing to invest in our trader experience. Our second focus area is creating value with scale and efficiency. These initiatives, which are primarily centered within service, operations and technology are a win for clients and are also helping enable us to keep our cost to serve clients low so that we can reinvest in our growth. We’re using AI to supercharge our professionals through capabilities like our Schwab Knowledge Assistant and the rollout of our service AI assistant, which helps our client-facing professionals create post call summaries and notes, among other capabilities. These efforts will help our reps serve clients more efficiently. We’ve also made progress on improving status notifications to clients and removing more paper from our system, reducing not in good order errors and saving time for our clients and professionals. Our third focus area is delivering on the brilliant basics. At the heart of it, this means being there for clients when and where they need us and delighting them in every interaction they have with us. It means our systems are available and experiences are easy. One measure of this is our Client Easy Scores, which are near all-time highs. 94% for our retail client service organization and 93% ease of doing business score for Advisor Services. Finally, our finance team has done a great job of enhancing our approach to managing our balance sheet. Last but not least, the fourth focus area is investing in our people. We couldn’t do what we do without 32,000 employees working together united by a single mission. We’re continuing to invest in our people and culture to retain and attract the best talent in the industry. To wrap up, we’ve sustained positive momentum through 2025 and are continuing to deliver growth on all fronts. We are looking towards the future from a position of strength continuing to play offense to power profitable growth over the long term. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mike to dive into details on our financial results. Michael Verdeschi: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Schwab delivered strong third quarter results across all fronts, highlighting our momentum as we continue to meet the evolving needs of individual investors and independent advisers. The combination of our firms focused execution across key strategic objectives and favorable macro tailwinds yielded record results. We saw another step-up in our organic client growth trends during the period and client engagement across our broad suite of products and solutions also remained robust. This sustained momentum translated into record revenue and earnings for the quarter, including year-over-year revenue growth of 27% to $6.1 billion, adjusted pretax margins exceeding 51% and adjusted earnings per share of $1.31, an increase of 70% versus 3Q ’24. Client cash levels continue to reflect normal behavior, inclusive of organic growth, seasonality and strong client engagement as equity markets reached record levels. We made further progress in reducing supplemental borrowings, which ended the quarter at $14.8 billion or just within the upper bound of our business as usual range. We also returned meaningful excess capital via common stock repurchases. Inclusive of these actions, our capital ratios stayed relatively flat versus the second quarter finishing 3Q slightly above our target range. Now let’s unpack some of the key drivers influencing these record 3Q results before sharing our perspectives on the final chapter of 2025. Revenue increased 27% year-over-year to a record $6.1 billion for 3Q, the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth across all major line items. Our further reduction in supplemental borrowings at the banks, client loan growth and another strong quarter for securities lending activity helped expand net interest margin empowered a 37% increase in net interest revenue versus 3Q ’24. Strong equity markets, healthy asset gathering and sustained client interest in Schwab’s wealth and asset management offerings, drove 13% year-over-year growth in asset management and administration fees to a record $1.7 billion. Trading revenue was up 25% versus 3Q ’24 as our leading retail trading platform facilitated another robust quarter of activity including 7.4 million daily average trades and approximately $6 trillion of gross notional value traded across equities, ETFs and mutual funds. Bank deposit account fees moved higher year-over-year due to an improved net yield as lower-yielding fixed-rate obligations continue to mature and converted into the floating rate bucket. September marked an inflection point for the BDA as we transition into the new $60 billion to $90 billion operating range for the remainder of the agreement and we gained the flexibility to move balances between the BDA and our balance sheet. During the third quarter, we transferred $3 billion worth of balances to Schwab to accelerate the paydown of bank supplemental borrowings. Turning to expenses. Adjusted expenses for the quarter were up 5% versus 3Q ’24 as we continue to make ongoing investments to support sustainable growth including opening new branches and hiring financial consultants, supported very strong and sustained client engagement across our broad suite of modern wealth solutions and seek to further unlock incremental efficiencies across our business. Further progress in reducing high-cost borrowings at the banks, equity market strength and sustained trading volumes drove regular top line growth. In conjunction with balanced expense management, Schwab’s adjusted pretax profit margin reached 51.3%. Quarterly adjusted earnings per share equaled a record $1.31, a year-over-year increase of 70%. Note that 3Q EPS included a $0.03 benefit related to state tax matters. With the majority of this benefit realized in 3Q ’25, we expect our corporate tax rate to remain around the 23% to 24% zone in future periods. Moving on to our balance sheet. We supported our clients as their needs evolve against a shifting backdrop. Client demand for our lending solutions increased during the quarter. Outstanding PAL balances grew to $23.4 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 37%. Client margin loan balances rose to $97.2 billion at quarter end, up 16% versus year-end 2024, reflecting rising equity markets and improved investor sentiment and certain tactical client trading activities, such as long/short strategies. Transactional sweep cash trends continue to reflect normal client behavior. Following modest outflows during July and August related to typical seasonality and client net buying activity, we saw $19 billion of cash inflows in September to bring the quarter end balance to $425.6 billion, which represents a quarter-over-quarter increase of $13.5 billion or approximately 3%. This sequential building cash, along with the use of investment portfolio proceeds and balances transferred from the BDA allow us to further reduce high-cost funding at the banks. We’d expect normal cash behavior to continue in 4Q including typical seasonality, such as adviser payments in October and the December cash build. Staying on high-cost bank funding for a moment, we made great progress during the third quarter, reducing supplemental funding balances by another $13 billion, bringing outstanding balances down to $14.8 billion or approximately 85% below the peak in May 2023. This level is just inside the upper bound of our business as usual range of approximately $5 billion to $15 billion, which aligns with our long-term diversified funding profile. While outstanding balances may come down further and move around this range over time, we’ll continue to support client loan needs and begin to focus more on new security purchases versus paydown activities. Our capital levels finished the quarter slightly above the upper bound of the firm’s adjusted Tier 1 leverage objective of 6.75% to 7%. The quarter-over-quarter build was primarily driven by earnings and the continued pull to par of unrealized marks. The ratio also reflects our repurchases of common shares for $2.7 billion, bringing year-to-date total capital return across all forms to $8.5 billion. Looking ahead, we will continue to prioritize maintaining capital to support the needs of our clients and the growth of the franchise, while returning excess capital in multiple forms as part of our through-the-cycle financial growth story. Turning to our full year 2025 scenario. During the summer business update in July, we provided an updated financial scenario informed by several inputs, including a mid-July forward interest rate curve calling for 225 basis point cuts to the Fed funds target rate. Equity market appreciation of roughly 9% for the full year and client trading volume that represented a slight pullback from levels observed during the first half of the year. Moving forward to today, the interest rate curve now calls for a total of 325 basis point cuts during 2025 versus a previous expectation for only 2 cuts. Markets continue to move higher during the third quarter and client trading remains robust. However, the last couple of weeks remind us the environment can shift quickly. So in terms of the remainder of the year, we are likely to see various puts and takes as both rates and the broader markets evolve with the macroeconomic backdrop. So far in October, we continue to see good engagement from clients, which can increase revenue as well as volume-related expenses. Assuming this engagement persists, we could see a lift in earnings of around 2% or a bit better relative to the upper end of the financial scenario range we shared back at the July business update. In terms of next year, we are still working through our annual planning process, but we expect to keep building upon our 2025 momentum. And like most years, we will need to navigate in an evolving macroeconomic environment including potential shifts in sentiment and engagement levels. We remain confident in our ability to continue balancing the investments necessary to support the needs of our clients while delivering on our near-term financial objectives, such as top line growth and positive operating leverage across a range of environments. So please stay tuned, and we’ll come back to you with a more detailed 2026 financial scenario in January. In closing, as we approach the final months of 2025, we are excited with our progress to date. Momentum with clients continue to strengthen as they entrust us with an increasing amount of their assets and execute our broad suite of solutions, including wealth, trading, asset management and banking. Schwab’s diversified model, along with record equity markets and strong client engagement have positioned us to deliver record financial results for the full year. While that is certainly a great position to be in, obviously, our time horizon extends beyond a single year. We remain relentlessly focused on maintaining the strength of our diversified model with the ability to efficiently serve the needs of individual investors and the independent advisers who serve them through a range of environments. And with that, let’s move on to Q&A. Lauren, back to you. Lauren Gaspar: Thanks, Mike. Operator, can you please walk everyone through the instructions for the Q&A session? Q&A Session Follow Schwab Charles Corp (NYSE:SCHW) Follow Schwab Charles Corp (NYSE:SCHW) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question come from Ben Budish with Barclays. Benjamin Budish: Rick, you talked a little bit about the Advisor business in your prepared comments. I was wondering if you could unpack the recent trends a little bit more. It seems like from some of your other publicly traded peers, they’re calling out a bit of a slowdown environment across the industry, maybe since April the kind of volatility events we’ve seen, your results seem to be bucking that trend. So could you talk a little bit about what’s going well more recently. To what extent is the NNA growth in that channel coming from existing advisers versus kind of net new firms to Schwab? Maybe talk a little bit about your engagement an activity with sort of legacy Ameritrade advisers that are now part of Schwab. Help us understand a little bit what’s going on there? Richard Wurster: Ben, thanks for the question. Our Advisor business is really thriving and growing at an accelerated rate. We’ve seen NNA pick up substantially in our Advisor business this year versus last year. And I think it’s a combination of things. Number one, I think we’re executing and delivering for clients as strongly as we ever have. And part of that is having gone through the integration with Ameritrade, where we picked up some capabilities, integrated them into Schwab’s already strong offering and put them together. And so I think we had some clients, particularly Ameritrade clients and others who during the transition, we’re wondering how it’s going to play out. And now they’ve had the chance to see how strong the combined offering is and they’re loving it. And so we’re winning on all fronts as it relates to advisers. And I’m not surprised that’s resulting in others growing more slowly, because our metrics like transfer of asset ratios and things like that are up meaningfully over last year, meaning we’re winning more and more this year. You asked about what’s driving it. We see it across every dimension. We look at growth in a few different fronts. First, growth from existing clients of advisers that we already work with. Existing advisers that bring on new business and win new business at the direct towards us, and then new advisers that transition to us. And across every one of those dimensions, we’ve seen an acceleration. In particular, among advisers converting to us and choosing independents and choosing to be with Schwab and why wouldn’t they? I think our offer is far and away the best in the industry, and that’s — I think that’s reflected in the NNA that you’re seeing. Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Alexander Blostein: I was hoping you guys could expand on dynamics you’re seeing in sort of core deposits, really nice build over the course of the quarter. And more importantly, as you think about the trajectory of interest rates and sort of sensitivity to trajectory of core deposits on the back of that, how are you thinking of that over the next couple of quarters here? Because obviously, it’s a pretty important component to the overall earnings growth profile. Michael Verdeschi: Alex, thank you for the question. As we’ve said, we’ve looked at deposits this year, and we’re seeing really that normal environment play out. In that normal environment means you’re seeing us attract deposits just from the core growth, of course, where — as we’re growing net new assets, a component of that is going to be in cash. We typically see seasonality, of course, as well. And so that’s played out from quarter-to-quarter. And then, of course, client sentiment plays a big part in that as well, where early in the year, you saw a more pronounced selling and then subsequent months, cash going back into the market as clients began to continue to engage and invest. From here, the path of rates, if you look at the forwards is, of course, rates heading lower. We tend to pick up cash in that environment, how much remains to be seen. But we feel really good about what we’ve seen this year. Cash still operating in that normal environment, again, with an ability to pick up cash as rates begin to trend lower from here. So we think that will be supportive of continued strong earnings as we go into next year and conduct activity throughout the year. Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Kenneth Worthington: Are you looking at crypto as a driver of near-term profit? Or is crypto really about bringing in the next generation of future Schwab investors? And to what extent is aggressive pricing below the level of competitors like Coinbase and Robinhood, a factor that you’re using to drive crypto clients to Schwab? Richard Wurster: Ken, great to hear from you, and thanks for the question. First, we’re winning in crypto today. Our clients are highly engaged. Our traffic on our crypto site has gone up 90% year-over-year. Our clients own 20% of the crypto exchange traded product in the industry. And so most of our clients, we find are not using coins to transact on the blockchain most are wanting to get invested in the price change of crypto. And they feel very comfortable doing that in ETFs with a company they really trust. And so that’s why we’re seeing what we’re seeing in crypto. That said, we do want to launch spot crypto and I hear from clients all the time, that, hey, I’ve been a longtime Schwab client. I’ve got 99% of my assets with you, but I’ve got a little account over it, a digital native firm where I keep my crypto. And I can’t wait until I can bring it back to Schwab. And we’re excited — we’re incredibly excited about that. In terms of both profitability or using it kind of to attract the next generation, I would say both to that. And here’s why I would say that is the spreads at the moment and the amount of money that these digitally native firms are making in crypto are enormous. And you can see it in the revenue on client assets of some of the digital and native public firms. And so there’s room, I think, to be both aggressive on price and to deliver great value and generate a profit for the firm. So I think that’s how I would think about it. In terms of attracting the next generation, Ken, I want to be really clear. Crypto will be great for clients and will certainly appeal to young investors, but we are absolutely brushing it with young investors today. One in 3 of our new-to-firm household numbers, which are really strong new to firm numbers are under the age of 24. 1/3 are Gen Zers under the age of 28 and they’re not just engaging with us in trading. They’re engaging with us across the board. They’re responsible for a lot of the financial planning conversations that we’ve had. They’ll come in and want to consolidate loans into a pledged asset line balance, so they can pay off their student debt. They’ll talk to us about how to buy house in the future. These are clients that really want to be investors for the long term and want our help navigating it. And no one can compete with us as it relates to delivering for the young investor. I have 1,000 colleagues that wake up every day that are former trading professionals that answer the phones for any investors that want advice and expertise on how to trade. We put on 35 hours a week of live content for our investors about how to learn, how to trade, how to learn how to invest. The power of things like compounding. And the engagement in those types of things is off the charts. So it’s just — I think what we can offer the young investor in terms of the support, the service the education and, of course, the leading platform with thinkorswim and our digital capabilities, I think, is unmatched and that’s why we’re having so much success with young investors. I think crypto will be additive, but we’re already winning with them. Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with Bank of Montreal. Brennan Hawken: Now that we have the wholesale funding back in the normal operating range, Mike, as you called it, we saw some BDA movement as you identified in between the cash buckets. How are you thinking about redeployment and reinvestment? Should we be thinking that securities will be — the likely target? And kind of what level of duration would you expect? Or is the floating rate bucket on the BDA side attractive as a capital-light option? Michael Verdeschi: Thank you for the question. So yes, we’re happy with the progress we’ve made in the pay down. We could see a little bit more reduction in that supplemental borrowing balance. But you’re right, as we have now cash coming in, we will deploy that into, of course, meeting our client borrowing needs. We’ve seen good momentum in lending, and we will continue to deploy funds, of course, to support that need. We, of course, have the opportunity then as well to invest in securities. And that’s with new cash, but also as we see the securities portfolio maturing, we’ll reinvest those proceeds, and keep in mind, those yields on the existing securities are under 2%, so we’ll get a nice lift on that. You asked about the duration. I’ve talked about this before, where the average duration for the portfolio probably be in that 2- to 4-year range. That will give you some sense of where the overall duration will be. That will be a function of how we look at the liability side of the balance sheet and the composition of deposits. You can have certain investments that are shorter than that 2 to 4 years, some that could be longer. Certainly, agency mortgages will extend a little bit beyond that, but we could buy very short-dated treasuries as well. But we’re going to maintain that 2- to 4-year duration. In terms of the BDA, this is — it’s something that gives us a tremendous amount of flexibility. In terms of size, it’s $60 billion to $90 billion, the range that we operate in, but it also allows us to manage across our risk types efficiently, and that means capital, liquidity and our interest rate risk profile. So as you saw us do less in the third quarter, we moved funds from the BDA onto our balance sheet and use those proceeds to pay down supplemental borrowings. But of course, we have the flexibility to place proceeds into the BDA and that could help us with our interest rate risk management profile where we could either place it at a floating rate or if we wanted to match off some of our deposits, we could also place in at a fixed rate. And of course, as we’ve talked about before, if we wanted to free up some capital, we could also place some funds into the BDA with that consideration in mind as well. But I think from here, we’re in really good position, continue to meet the needs of clients in terms of their borrowing needs, while also investing in securities in that 2- to 4-year duration, which will give us a very nice lift in earnings as well. Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Daniel Fannon: Rick, I wanted to follow up on just the Ameritrade customer. You mentioned that growth is improving, but that’s still where you want it to be. So I was hoping you could put some numbers around that and or think about the journey and where you think — how long it will take to get them to the appropriate growth rates you are expecting? Richard Wurster: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dan. I think we have continued upside with our Ameritrade clients. If you look at over the last 18, 24 months, they’ve gone from being net negative contributors to NNA to being net positive. Not yet at the level that we see from legacy Schwab clients, but I think that’s just a matter of time, and the reason I believe that’s just a matter of time is that — a couple of things. When we measure their client satisfaction scores relative to Schwab clients, is it legacy Schwab clients? And they’ve gone up dramatically over the last 12 months, but even more so if you look over the last couple of years. So that’s really encouraging. I also — when I get the chance to be in our branches and talk about how our Ameritrade clients are doing or talk to them. They’ve gone from being frustrated that they got moved to another firm without being asked and trying to figure out how to navigate a completely somewhat new platform to them and a different experience to saying, I don’t know how I lived without Schwab while when I was at Ameritrade, we have so much more here. And we see that because they’re engaging in banking, they’re engaging in wealth. I think they account for 30-ish percent of all our record well flows that we’re seeing. They’re engaging in all kinds of activities that didn’t have access to at Ameritrade. So I am bullish our ability to get them to the level of NNA growth that we see from Schwab clients. And I’m hopeful that the progress we’ve seen and going from negative to 0 to now positive, there’s still a few percentage gap between Schwab and legacy Ameritrade, but I’m confident in the coming months that we’ll continue to make progress in closing that. I couldn’t be more enthusiastic about what we’re seeing from our Ameritrade clients and how we’re showing up and delivering for them. Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Brian Bedell: Maybe, Mike, just back on the guidance for the rest of the year. Any color on the revenue and expense components of that? Obviously, things are trending much better than initially expected. So I just wanted to see if you were able to offer a range? Or how much you think we could be beating that 18.5% to 19.5%. And then similar on expense, obviously, that would bring higher expenses, of course. But would we still be in that range? Or are you targeting a specific margin target? And then I guess any color on 4Q NIM and NII, if we think NII can expand at least in 4Q given the balances are growing nicely? Michael Verdeschi: Brian, thanks for the question. A lot packed in there. So as you know, we provide the scenario twice a year, meaning that we give you a preliminary scenario in January. We updated it in July. What we wanted to do today is really just give you the direction of travel. As we’ve been saying, we’ve seen outstanding client engagement. The macro environment has been favorable. And so I wanted to give you the direction of travel where I mentioned earnings, again, relative to that July updated scenario, the top end of that range implied EPS, up 2% or a bit better. And so you will see a lift in earnings is what we’re expecting. The components, yes, a lift in revenue. We’re not going to update the range, as I mentioned, a lift in expenses as well. Again, this is volume related, therefore, variable expense. And where we updated the scenario in July, we gave that 5.25% top end of that expense range. So we’ll be up against that or a bit above perhaps that will just depend on the client engagement and volumes. But again, keep in mind that is going to be seeing a revenue on the other side in terms of the transactions and overall earnings accretive. What pretax profit margin, the way I think about it is that’s a result of a very well balanced approach to how we manage our financials. The more we see clients engage with us across our suite of products, we see good revenue diversification coming out of that. And of course, with our expenses, we take a balanced approach. We’re making resources available for growth, but we’re also investing in efficiency. And that supports durable earnings across a range of environments. And the pretax profit margin is really an output of the way we manage that balanced approach with revenue diversification and expenses. And so you asked about net interest margin were up this quarter. Again, keep in mind that we now have 3 cuts at least that’s what the market is indicating for the full year. So we expect to still be into the 2.80s for net interest margin to close out the fourth quarter. And again, we’ll come back to you in January with the 2026 scenario at that time. Again, based on what we see today, rates are going to be around that 3% range to end the year. We feel really good about the ability to continue to drive our earnings in a range of environments even in that lower rate environment. On the NIM side, we talked about asset sensitivity before. And while we have some asset sensitivity. Keep in mind, we were proactive in cutting out roughly 1/3 of that net interest revenue sensitivity. And as I mentioned earlier on this call, as rates head lower, we tend to pick up cash. And so that will be a nice offset as will be the reinvestment of securities. So even in that lower rate environment despite the asset sensitivity, I expect some meaningful offset to the impact of lower rates and the impact it would have on NIM. So we feel really good heading into 2026. Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with TD Cowen. William Katz: It seems like there’s a significant inflection in the business here now that you’re done sort of paying down the — predominantly done paying down the high cost. Your organic growth is great. Cash is building a little bit. So how should we think about the interplay between interest earning asset growth and capital return, clearly bought back a ton of stock this quarter off to a good start relative to the $20 billion. Just trying to think through where you are strategically thinking about driving the balance sheet growth versus maybe more sustained capital return to investors? Michael Verdeschi: Thank you. This year, yes, as we have talked about with the paydown of supplemental borrowings, interest-earning assets, probably coming down modestly. Now that we’ve paid down the vast majority of those borrowings. As I said earlier, we’ll probably pay down a little bit more there. You’re likely to see us in the lower end of that supplemental borrowing range that I provided earlier. Over the course of next year, I think it will be more about the growth of our client borrowing needs. So we’ve seen good momentum in lending in the range of environments, we would expect that to continue. But again, I think that would be reasonably modest growth of interest-earning assets. Again, we’ll come back to you with a scenario that’s more specific. But on the capital side, we also feel very good in this environment where we’ve been — over the course of the year, we’ve been able to return capital across our framework. And as we’ve said before, that’s an important part of our financial story. We’re generating very good earnings that’s building capital for us. And so we continue to be in a very flexible position to generate good earnings to meet the needs of our clients while being able to return capital in multiple forms. So we think we’re in a very good position. Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Kyle Voigt: Maybe just regarding the strong Pledged Asset Line growth. Just wondering if you could comment on what inning you think you are in, in terms of penetrating your existing client base there. And I think you effectively began to hedge some of those loans in the fixed. Can you just give us an update on how that trended in 3Q and how to think about future hedging as those balances continue to grow strongly from here? Richard Wurster: Thanks for the question, Kyle. Yes, we’ve seen good momentum in PAL. As we’ve talked about before, we’ve made that experience very easy for clients to engage in that product, we’ve seen a good lift. We expect continued engagement in that product. Again, this is something that we’re going to be responding to client needs. In terms of penetration, when you look at our bank lending activity, it’s relatively low penetration. So we do think there is good upside that we could experience there. So we are looking forward to that. Yes, we have hedged some of those PAL balances. That just gives us another tool for how we match our assets and liabilities. Typically, we’ve invested in securities as a way of matching. But again, using these interest rate swaps against our underlying assets and liabilities just creates another flexible tool to manage that interest rate risk profile. As those balances grow, that continues to give us flexibility. But we’ll also look to broaden out how we think about those hedges. Are there other underlying assets, floating rate assets, for example, that we could utilize. So all of this is with the intent of building additional flexibility in how we manage our balance sheet. So again, this is a win-win. We’re meeting our client needs. We think there’s more upside there. But also we’re ensuring that we’re building ourselves flexibility in how we manage the balance sheet and drive efficiency and good financial outcomes. Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with Citizens. Devin Ryan: Rick and Mike, a question on retail investor engagement. Obviously, you’re seeing great results here, and they’re clearly highly invested right now with low transactional cash, debts are elevated. Margin balances are at a record. At the same time, a number of other ratios aren’t stretched. And so a question we’ve been getting a fair amount recently is whether we’re kind of in an extended level for retail investor engagement or if this is something normal. So I just love to get some thoughts there. Richard Wurster: Devin, it’s a good question. Daily average trades are definitely up above what they were when you look back 12 or 18 months ago, it used to be $5.8 million or $6 million was a good month and now we’re running at $7.5 million as being pretty normal. So clients are definitely more engaged. I think there’s some structural elements to that and also some sort of market environment with a real strong bull market now that’s gone on for a couple of years. You’ve got some topics that are of great interest to investors like AI and crypto and I think that’s driving engagement. So it’s hard to know whether this level of engagement will persist or grow. I do think that I would call out, though, that I believe our investor base is — tends to trade in any environment. These aren’t new investors who came in and got excited about the entertainment of investing. These are investors that do research that invest thoughtfully and are engaged in markets and they oftentimes are countercyclical traders. And we’ve actually seen our traders do what we’ve called sell the rip and buy the dip. And so they’ve been very active on updates selling and then when they get a little down move, they’ve been back in buying. And so I think that — I think our engagement is likely to be more sustainable, perhaps than some others. But the overall market environment, I think will also play a role in how engaged clients are. Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Michael Cyprys: I just wanted to ask a bigger picture question on tokenization. Just curious how you’re thinking about in a potential future world where investors build access portfolios and long-term investments through the blockchain curious what risks and opportunities might that present for Schwab and for the industry? What steps might you take over the next year? Imagine it could be a major cost efficiency on lock on one side. But then if there are tokenized substitutes for deposits with atomic settlement, what implications could this have for transactional sweep cash as well as revenue monetization and competitive dynamics? Richard Wurster: Yes. Thanks for the question. First thing I’d say is for 50 years, it’s been our mission to help investors get invested and to help them achieve their financial goals and dreams. So if we find an investors want to hold securities on the blockchain and that brings more investors into investing, then we’re going to find a way to offer clients the opportunity to hold their securities on the blockchain and hold them as tokens if that’s what they would — if that’s the way they would like to do it. Second, I believe there’s tokenization is more likely in some asset classes than others. It’s — I think the public equity market is incredibly efficient. The customer protection rules make a lot of sense. The spreads are very tight. Going to tokenization doesn’t solve a lot of problems for public equity investors and introduces a number of complications and risks that make the pros and cons, I think, somewhat questionable. So it’s hard for me to see that taking off. So if it does, again, we’re going to offer it and be ready to — I think it’s more likely to be perhaps in some fixed income markets where you could see tokenization in private markets and collectibles and areas like that. But we’ll see, and we’re open to any environment. We want our investors to be able to hold securities the way they want to hold securities. On your question about what it means for our economics, I think there’s puts and takes on that one. I mean if you look at the tokenization markets today and the public equities that have been tokenized and the trades that have been done, not that we would necessarily do this, but they’ve been done at incredibly wide spreads that are inefficient for the end trader, but there’s more money to be made for the intermediary in that situation. Now we’re always going to give clients great execution, but there’s definitely a put there. On the take side, maybe it’s incrementally easier to move cash. I don’t think it’s overly hard to click 1 button at Schwab today and move your money from sweep into a purchase money fund. And not only that, we proactively remind you to do that when we see large balances in your account and when you log into schwab.com, it’s very often the first thing you see is move your cash. So there’s not many barriers to doing that today. It might be incrementally easier on the blockchain because you could do it instantaneously. So it’s possible there’s a shift there. But I think there’s going to be puts and takes on the blockchain. And if clients want to participate and hold securities that way, we certainly will — we will accommodate that and are working towards that. And our crypto launch is different than some other — how some others are going about it. Others, I think, are taking approach of basically introducing a client to a digitally native firm and making the introduction and then the assets are custody there. We’re building the books and records and capabilities so that we can custody assets. And we’re doing that because we’re taking a long-term view of this so that we can participate things like the blockchain and tokenization over time and offer that to our clients. So — that’s a long-winded answer probably, but those are my top of mind thoughts on tokenization. Lauren Gaspar: Okay. Operator, I think we have time for one final question before we wrap up. Operator: Our final question will come from David Smith with Truist Securities. David Smith: Staying on the vein of crypto and tokenization. You said you’re on track to launch spot crypto in the first half of next year. Are there any meaningful external constraints like regulatory clarity or anything like that, that you’re still waiting at this point? Or is everything now just based on your own internal decision-making and ensuring that everything is built out fully to your standards and ready to handle the size and potential volume of your own client base? Richard Wurster: Thanks for the question. At this point, it’s in our hands, certainly, up until about 4 months ago, the regulatory environment made it challenging, which is why you don’t see any banks in crypto today. And instead, you see banks announcing plans that they will be in crypto in coming months and quarters and years. But that’s a result of the change in the regulatory environment. So I don’t think that’s standing in our way. What takes time is all the stuff I talked about. We want to build this for the long term. We want to do it thoughtfully. We want to be able to have our own books and records and things like that. That is a completely new build, and we’ve got a group of technologists working on that. And of course, we’re going to want to roll it out in the right way and have people pilot it and test it and roll it out to a small group of clients and a large group of clients. So all those things take time. I think we’re moving quite rapidly given the expansiveness of which we’re thinking about it and the way we’re building for the long term, but there’s nothing from a regulatory standpoint, standing in our way. And with that, we will wrap up. Thanks so much for your engagement today. We love the opportunity to be on the phone and have a chance to speak with all of you. I’ll leave you with 3 takeaways. First, we are delivering growth on all fronts: attracting assets and growing accounts from new and existing clients, increasing utilization of our wealth banking and trading solutions, and delivering record financial results. Two, we anticipate year-over-year revenue and earnings expansion to finish 2025. And three, we think the future is incredibly bright. We are well positioned to deliver profitable growth through the cycle. Most importantly, as we do so, we are making a real difference in the lives of millions of investors, and we’re energized by the opportunity we have to empower even more Americans to take control of their financial futures. We are in an incredible position to serve our clients and help them meet their financial goals. Thanks again, and thanks for joining today. Follow Schwab Charles Corp (NYSE:SCHW) Follow Schwab Charles Corp (NYSE:SCHW) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Share Q3 2025 MSN News

NYSE:SCHW Earnings Call Transcript Related Insider Monkey Articles Slb N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Webster Financial Corporation (NYSE:WBS) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) Q3 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +599.2% Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +227% Benchmark 50% S&P 500 ETF and 50% Russell 2000 ETF 500% 250% 0% Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through June 2, 2026) Subscribe Now 30 day money back guarantee. Cancel anytime. Hedge Fund Resource Center How to Best Use Insider Monkey to Increase Your Returns Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds Billionaire Hedge Funds Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $293,447,417,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $1,491,303,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $5,416,602,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $77,426,184,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $1,886,381,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,521,664,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $22,767,998,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $3,510,256,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $4,198,712,000 Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $6,160,740,000 1281292 - 11759070 - 1 The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock. Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard. Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences. At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots , with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000 . Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040. Put another way, that’s roughly equal to: 175 Teslas 107 Amazons 140 Metas 84 Googles 65 Microsofts And 55 Nvidias And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy. It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide. Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential. How could anything be worth that much? The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates. And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors. What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution. In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals. Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves. Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change. Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps. Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact. When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to. Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere… But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible. And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans… This prediction might not be bold at all: A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock. The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now. I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report. Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock. For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month , you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal! Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: • Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. • 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. • One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 • Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews • Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. • 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month . (33% Off – was $14.99). 2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Subscribe Now! <b>Cancel anytime.</b> Turn off auto-renewal via our website with just a click. Insider Monkey Ads Buy This $3 Stock Now Before the 400% Surge Begins Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today. Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call. Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying. We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong. We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months. Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025. Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3. While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth. This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return. Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents. This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.! This offer vanishes in 7 days , so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns ! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond. Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential. BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99. 2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Get our editor’s daily picks straight in your inbox! RSS Feed Hedge Funds Insider Trading About Us Authors Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQ CCPA - Do Not Sell My Information. ©2026 Koala Guide LLC.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 a3q25exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 SCHWAB REPORTS RECORD REVENUE AND EARNINGS Third Quarter Core Net New Assets Equal $137.5 Billion, Up 44% Year-Over-Year 3Q Net Revenues Up 27% Year-Over-Year to $6.1 Billion Quarterly GAAP Earnings Per Share of $1.26, $1.31 Adjusted (1) – up 70% versus 3Q24 WESTLAKE, Texas, October 16, 2025 – The Charles Schwab Corporation reported net income for the third quarter totaling $2.4 billion, or $1.26 earnings per share. Excluding $127 million of pre-tax transaction-related costs, adjusted (1) net income and earnings per share equaled $2.5 billion and $1.31, respectively. Client Driven Growth 44% 3Q25 Core NNA Growth vs. 3Q24 “Our unwavering focus on delivering for clients helped us attract $137.5 billion in 3Q core net new assets plus over 1 million new brokerage accounts for the fourth straight quarter.” President & CEO Rick Wurster Diversified Revenue Growth 27% 3Q25 Revenue Growth vs. 3Q24 “Strengthening organic growth trends, increasing adoption of wealth solutions, and favorable macroeconomic tailwinds powered another quarter of record revenue and earnings per share.” President & CEO Rick Wurster Balance Sheet Management $12.9B 3Q25 Reduction in Bank Supplemental Funding (2) “Client transactional sweep cash grew by $13.5 billion versus 2Q25, helping us to further reduce higher cost bank funding by $12.9 billion to $14.8 billion at quarter-end.” CFO Mike Verdeschi Opportunistic Capital Return $2.7B 3Q25 Common Stock Repurchases “During 3Q25, we repurchased 28.9 million shares for $2.7 billion, bringing year-to-date capital return across all forms to $8.5 billion. This opportunistic return of excess capital complements our strong business momentum as we continue to prioritize capital flexibility.” CFO Mike Verdeschi 3Q25 Client and Business Highlights • Total client assets increased 17% year-over-year to a record $11.59 trillion • Core net new assets of $137.5 billion brings year-to-date asset gathering to $355.5 billion – up 41% year-over-year • New brokerage account openings exceeded 1 million for the 4th consecutive quarter, pushing active brokerage accounts and total client accounts to 38.0 million and 45.7 million, respectively • Managed Investing Solutions net inflows grew 40% versus 3Q24 • Margin balances ended the quarter at $97.2 billion – up 16% versus year-end 2024 • Daily average trading volume was 7.4 million – up 30% versus 3Q24 • Charles Schwab named one of the most trusted financial services companies by Investor’s Business Daily (3) • Charles Schwab recognized by Kiplinger as #1 in education and service for 2025 (4) - 1 Three Months Ended September 30, % Nine Months Ended September 30, % Financial Highlights Change Change Net revenues (in millions) $ 6,135 $ 4,847 27% $ 17,585 $ 14,277 23% Net income (in millions) GAAP $ 2,358 $ 1,408 67% $ 6,393 $ 4,102 56% Adjusted $ 2,456 $ 1,525 61% $ 6,686 $ 4,459 50% Diluted earnings per common share GAAP $ 1.26 $ .71 77% $ 3.33 $ 2.05 62% Adjusted $ 1.31 $ .77 70% $ 3.49 $ 2.25 55% Pre-tax profit margin GAAP 49.2 % 38.0 % 47.1 % 37.7 % Adjusted 51.3 % 41.2 % 49.3 % 41.0 % Return on average common stockholders’ equity (annualized) % % % % Return on tangible common equity (annualized) % % % % Note: Items labeled “adjusted” are non-GAAP financial measures; further details are included on pages 10-12 of this release. All per-share results are rounded to the nearest cent, based on weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding. 3Q25 Financial Commentary • Quarterly net revenues grew year-over-year by 27% to a record $6.1 billion • Net interest margin expanded sequentially by 21 basis points to 2.86% due to the further reduction of higher cost liabilities, strong securities lending activity, and clients’ increased utilization of our lending solutions • Client transactional sweep cash balances ended September at $425.6 billion, an increase of $13.5 billion versus the prior quarter-end, reflecting organic growth, client net buying activity, and seasonality • Bank Supplemental Funding (2) declined by $12.9 billion to end the quarter at $14.8 billion • Asset management and administration fees increased by 13% year-over-year to $1.7 billion, powered by the firm’s organic growth, equity market appreciation, and investors’ utilization of our wealth and asset management solutions • Trading revenue increased 25% versus 3Q24 due to robust volumes and stronger client interest in derivatives • GAAP expenses for the quarter increased 4% year-over-year; excluding third quarter amortization of acquired intangibles of $127 million, adjusted total expenses (1) were up 5% relative to 3Q24 • Capital ratios across the firm remained strong – including preliminary consolidated Tier 1 Leverage and adjusted Tier 1 Leverage (1) equaling 9.7% and 7.3%, respectively • Repurchased 28.9 million shares of our common stock for $2.7 billion during the quarter (1) Further details on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results are included on pages 10-12 of this release. (2) Bank Supplemental Funding includes repurchase agreements at the banks, Schwab Bank Certificates of Deposit (CDs), and Federal Home Loan Bank balances. (3) The IBD Most Trusted Financial Companies award was given to Charles Schwab on September 12, 2025, and is licensed for a 15-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily in conjunction with its research partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC. for use of the award and logos. (4) The Kiplinger Best Online Brokers and Trading Platforms for 2025 survey was published by Kiplinger on September 9, 2025, and is for a 12-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined Kiplinger. For more information on methodology, visit https://www.kiplinger.com/investing/wealth-management/online-brokers/605136/the-best-online-brokers-and-trading-platforms . Schwab paid a licensing fee to Adcetera, for the use of the accolade and corresponding logos through October 15, 2026. Fall Business Update The company will host its Fall Business Update for institutional investors this morning from 7:30 a.m. - 8:30 a.m. CT, 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m. ET. Registration for this Update webcast is accessible at https://www.aboutschwab.com/schwabevents . - 2 Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements relating to client adoption of wealth solutions, and the company’s organic growth, capital ratios and return of capital. These forward-looking statements reflect management’s expectations as of the date hereof. Achievement of these expectations and objectives is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed expectations. Important factors that may cause such differences are described in the company’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are available on the company’s website ( https://www.aboutschwab.com/financial-reports ) and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website ( https://www.sec.gov ). The company makes no commitment to update any forward-looking statements. About Charles Schwab The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) is a leading provider of financial services, with 38.0 million active brokerage accounts, 5.6 million workplace plan participant accounts, 2.2 million banking accounts, and $11.59 trillion in client assets. Through its operating subsidiaries, the company provides a full range of wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services to individual investors and independent investment advisors. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (member SIPC, https://www.sipc.org ), and its affiliates offer a complete range of investment services and products including an extensive selection of mutual funds; financial planning and investment advice; retirement plan and equity compensation plan services; referrals to independent, fee-based investment advisors; and custodial, operational and trading support for independent, fee-based investment advisors through Schwab Advisor Services TM . Its primary banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides banking and lending services and products. More information is available at https://www.aboutschwab.com . Contact Information MEDIA Mayura Hooper, 415-667-1525 public.relations@schwab.com INVESTORS/ANALYSTS Jeff Edwards, 817-854-6177 investor.relations@schwab.com - 3 T HE C HARLES S CHWAB C ORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Income (In millions, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Net Revenues Interest revenue $ 3,956 $ 3,928 $ 11,500 $ 11,686 Interest expense (906) (1,706) (2,922) (5,073) Net interest revenue 3,050 2,222 8,578 6,613 Asset management and administration fees 1,673 1,476 4,773 4,207 Trading revenue 2,855 2,391 Bank deposit account fees Other Total net revenues 6,135 4,847 17,585 14,277 Expenses Excluding Interest Compensation and benefits 1,653 1,522 4,861 4,510 Professional services Occupancy and equipment Advertising and market development Communications Depreciation and amortization Amortization of acquired intangible assets Regulatory fees and assessments Other Total expenses excluding interest 3,114 3,005 9,306 8,890 Income before taxes on income 3,021 1,842 8,279 5,387 Taxes on income 1,886 1,285 Net Income 2,358 1,408 6,393 4,102 Preferred stock dividends and other Net Income Available to Common Stockholders $ 2,277 $ 1,299 $ 6,050 $ 3,761 Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic 1,806 1,829 1,815 1,827 Diluted 1,811 1,834 1,820 1,833 Earnings Per Common Shares Outstanding : Basic $ 1.26 $ .71 $ 3.33 $ 2.06 Diluted $ 1.26 $ .71 $ 3.33 $ 2.05 - 4 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Financial and Operating Highlights (Unaudited) Q3-25 % change vs. vs. Third Second First Fourth Third (In millions, except per share amounts and as noted) Q3-24 Q2-25 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Net Revenues Net interest revenue % % $ 3,050 $ 2,822 $ 2,706 $ 2,531 $ 2,222 Asset management and administration fees % % 1,673 1,570 1,530 1,509 1,476 Trading revenue % % Bank deposit account fees % — Other (15) % (35) % Total net revenues % % 6,135 5,851 5,599 5,329 4,847 Expenses Excluding Interest Compensation and benefits % % 1,653 1,536 1,672 1,533 1,522 Professional services % % Occupancy and equipment % % Advertising and market development — (6) % Communications % (15) % Depreciation and amortization (8) % (1) % Amortization of acquired intangible assets (2) % (1) % Regulatory fees and assessments (33) % (23) % Other (7) % (3) % Total expenses excluding interest % % 3,114 3,048 3,144 3,024 3,005 Income before taxes on income % % 3,021 2,803 2,455 2,305 1,842 Taxes on income % (2) % Net Income % % 2,358 2,126 1,909 1,840 1,408 Preferred stock dividends and other (26) % (46) % Net Income Available to Common Stockholders % % $ 2,277 $ 1,977 $ 1,796 $ 1,717 $ 1,299 Earnings per common share: Basic % % $ 1.26 $ 1.09 $ .99 $ .94 $ .71 Diluted % % $ 1.26 $ 1.08 $ .99 $ .94 $ .71 Dividends declared per common share % — $ .27 $ .27 $ .27 $ .25 $ .25 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic (1) % (1) % 1,806 1,817 1,817 1,831 1,829 Diluted (1) % (1) % 1,811 1,822 1,822 1,836 1,834 Performance Measures Pre-tax profit margin 49.2 % 47.9 % 43.8 % 43.3 % 38.0 % Return on average common stockholders’ equity (annualized) (1) % % % % % Financial Condition (at quarter end, in billions) Cash and cash equivalents (12) % (5) % $ 30.6 $ 32.2 $ 35.0 $ 42.1 $ 34.9 Cash and investments segregated % % 47.8 45.6 38.4 38.2 33.7 Receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations % % 4.7 4.3 2.9 2.4 3.4 Receivables from brokerage clients — net % % 93.8 82.8 84.4 85.4 74.0 Available for sale securities (31) % (8) % 62.3 67.6 74.8 83.0 90.0 Held to maturity securities (9) % (2) % 136.7 139.7 143.8 146.5 149.9 Bank loans — net % % 53.6 50.4 47.1 45.2 43.3 Total assets — % 465.3 458.9 462.9 479.8 466.1 Bank deposits (3) % % 239.1 233.1 246.2 259.1 246.5 Payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations (2) % % 22.4 18.6 15.7 13.3 16.4 Payables to brokerage clients % % 115.4 109.4 100.6 101.6 89.2 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (2) % % 11.4 10.8 11.0 12.3 11.2 Other short-term borrowings (39) % (24) % 6.5 8.5 6.9 6.0 10.6 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (96) % (90) % 0.9 9.0 11.5 16.7 22.6 Long-term debt (10) % — 20.2 20.2 21.5 22.4 22.4 Total liabilities (1) % % 415.9 409.5 413.4 431.5 418.8 Stockholders’ equity % — 49.4 49.5 49.5 48.4 47.2 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity — % 465.3 458.9 462.9 479.8 466.1 Other Full-time equivalent employees (at quarter end, in thousands) % — 32.7 32.6 32.1 32.1 32.1 Capital expenditures — purchases of equipment, office facilities, and property, net (in millions) % % $ $ $ $ $ Expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets (annualized) 0.11 % 0.12 % 0.12 % 0.12 % 0.12 % Clients’ Daily Average Trades (DATs) (in thousands) % (2) % 7,421 7,571 7,391 6,312 5,697 Number of Trading Days — % 63.5 62.0 60.0 63.0 63.5 Revenue Per Trade (3) (4) % % $ 2.11 $ 2.03 $ 2.05 $ 2.20 $ 2.20 (1) Return on average common stockholders’ equity is calculated using net income available to common stockholders divided by average common stockholders’ equity. (2) Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024, payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations are presented separately from accrued expenses and other liabilities. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to reflect this change. Payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations include securities loaned. (3) Revenue per trade is calculated as trading revenue divided by the product of DATs multiplied by the number of trading days. - 5 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Net Interest Revenue Information (In millions, except ratios or as noted) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 24,298 $ 4.26 % $ 27,623 $ 5.24 % $ 27,571 $ 4.29 % $ 30,128 $ 1,205 5.26 % Cash and investments segregated 46,046 4.20 % 26,220 5.15 % 44,104 1,412 4.22 % 25,744 1,014 5.18 % Receivables from brokerage clients 90,121 1,490 6.47 % 73,102 1,431 7.66 % 84,317 4,204 6.57 % 68,557 4,042 7.75 % Available for sale securities (1) 69,794 2.05 % 98,645 2.14 % 77,324 1,198 2.06 % 104,830 1,680 2.13 % Held to maturity securities (1) 137,672 1.70 % 151,004 1.71 % 141,032 1,811 1.71 % 154,231 1,998 1.72 % Bank loans 51,849 4.27 % 42,653 4.52 % 48,882 1,568 4.28 % 41,585 1,384 4.44 % Total interest-earning assets 419,780 3,752 3.52 % 419,247 3,810 3.58 % 423,230 11,090 3.47 % 425,075 11,323 3.52 % Securities lending revenue Other interest revenue Total interest-earning assets $ 419,780 $ 3,956 3.71 % $ 419,247 $ 3,928 3.69 % $ 423,230 $ 11,500 3.60 % $ 425,075 $ 11,686 3.63 % Funding sources Bank deposits $ 229,281 $ 0.43 % $ 248,405 $ 1.35 % $ 237,488 $ 1,010 0.57 % $ 260,254 $ 2,602 1.34 % Payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations (2) 19,131 3.84 % 9,825 4.68 % 16,673 3.89 % 7,004 4.31 % Payables to brokerage clients 96,064 0.40 % 72,700 0.43 % 92,909 0.31 % 69,586 0.44 % Other short-term borrowings 7,593 4.56 % 10,821 5.52 % 7,314 4.68 % 9,164 5.57 % Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 7,103 4.35 % 22,621 5.38 % 9,180 4.62 % 24,347 5.36 % Long-term debt 20,204 4.01 % 22,446 3.71 % 21,029 3.92 % 23,299 3.66 % Total interest-bearing liabilities (2) 379,376 0.94 % 386,818 1,706 1.75 % 384,593 2,922 1.01 % 393,654 5,071 1.71 % Non-interest-bearing funding sources (2) 40,404 32,429 38,637 31,421 Other interest expense — — — Total funding sources $ 419,780 $ 0.85 % $ 419,247 $ 1,706 1.61 % $ 423,230 $ 2,922 0.92 % $ 425,075 $ 5,073 1.59 % Net interest revenue $ 3,050 2.86 % $ 2,222 2.08 % $ 8,578 2.68 % $ 6,613 2.04 % (1) Amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost. (2) Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024, payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations is presented separately from non-interest-bearing funding sources and included in total interest-bearing liabilities. This line item includes securities loaned and related interest expense. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to reflect this change. - 6 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Asset Management and Administration Fees Information (In millions, except ratios or as noted) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Schwab money market funds $ 663,218 $ 0.27 % $ 551,945 $ 0.27 % $ 643,168 $ 1,318 0.27 % $ 525,166 $ 1,072 0.27 % Schwab equity and bond funds, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and collective trust funds (CTFs) 735,519 0.07 % 603,314 0.08 % 685,300 0.07 % 569,608 0.08 % Mutual Fund OneSource ® and other notransaction-fee funds 443,660 0.23 % 354,664 0.25 % 384,614 0.24 % 335,813 0.26 % Other third-party mutual funds and ETFs 618,032 0.06 % 611,555 0.07 % 617,441 0.07 % 606,026 0.07 % Total mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs (1) $ 2,460,429 $ 0.15 % $ 2,121,478 $ 0.16 % $ 2,330,523 $ 2,695 0.15 % $ 2,036,613 $ 2,370 0.16 % Managed investing solutions (1) Fee-based $ 654,220 $ 0.38 % $ 554,726 $ 0.40 % $ 613,302 $ 1,777 0.39 % $ 528,850 $ 1,572 0.40 % Non-fee-based 127,592 — — 114,307 — — 122,920 — — 110,191 — — Total managed investing solutions $ 781,812 $ 0.31 % $ 669,033 $ 0.33 % $ 736,222 $ 1,777 0.32 % $ 639,041 $ 1,572 0.33 % Other balance-based fees (2) 922,030 0.03 % 795,737 0.04 % 870,045 0.04 % 759,645 0.04 % Other (3) Total asset management and administration fees $ 1,673 $ 1,476 $ 4,773 $ 4,207 (1) Managed investing solutions includes managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice such as Schwab Wealth Advisory TM , Schwab Managed Portfolios TM , Managed Account Select ® , Schwab Advisor Network ® , Windhaven Strategies ® , ThomasPartners ® Strategies, Wasmer Schroeder ® Strategies, Schwab Index Advantage advised retirement plan balances, Schwab Intelligent Portfolios ® , Institutional Intelligent Portfolios ® , Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium ® , Schwab Wealth Portfolios™, AdvisorDirect ® , Essential Portfolios, Selective Portfolios, and Personalized Portfolios; as well as legacy non-fee managed investing solutions including Schwab Advisor Source and certain retirement plan balances. Average client assets for managed investing solutions may also include the asset balances contained in the mutual fund and/or ETF categories listed above. For the total end of period view, please see the Monthly Activity Report. (2) Includes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund clearing fees and other service fees. (3) Includes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and ETFs that are not balance-based. - 7 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Growth in Client Assets and Accounts (Unaudited) Q3-25 % Change vs. vs. Third Second First Fourth Third (In billions, at quarter end, except as noted) Q3-24 Q2-25 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Assets in client accounts Schwab One ® , certain cash equivalents, and bank deposits % % $ 357.1 $ 342.7 $ 345.2 $ 358.8 $ 334.1 Bank deposit account balances (7) % (4) % 78.5 82.1 83.7 87.5 84.0 Proprietary mutual funds (Schwab Funds ® and Laudus Funds ® ) and CTFs Money market funds (1) % % 666.4 653.5 641.5 596.5 562.1 Equity and bond funds and CTFs (2) % % 269.7 249.7 227.0 232.2 228.9 Total proprietary mutual funds and CTFs % % 936.1 903.2 868.5 828.7 791.0 Mutual Fund Marketplace ® (3) Mutual Fund OneSource ® and other no-transaction-fee funds % % 473.5 453.9 340.3 347.8 358.0 Mutual fund clearing services % % 320.2 298.3 280.6 280.7 280.8 Other third-party mutual funds — % 1,237.2 1,168.5 1,195.4 1,211.1 1,236.5 Total Mutual Fund Marketplace % % 2,030.9 1,920.7 1,816.3 1,839.6 1,875.3 Total mutual fund assets % % 2,967.0 2,823.9 2,684.8 2,668.3 2,666.3 Exchange-traded funds Proprietary ETFs (2) % % 476.0 439.7 398.2 395.0 385.9 Other third-party ETFs % % 2,395.7 2,175.6 1,960.1 1,940.6 1,888.2 Total ETF assets % % 2,871.7 2,615.3 2,358.3 2,335.6 2,274.1 Equity and other securities % % 4,624.7 4,188.7 3,765.5 3,972.6 3,839.6 Fixed income securities — % 792.1 788.0 775.8 762.3 795.4 Margin loans outstanding % % (97.2) (83.4) (83.6) (83.8) (73.0) Total client assets % % $ 11,593.9 $ 10,757.3 $ 9,929.7 $ 10,101.3 $ 9,920.5 Client assets by business (4) Investor Services (5) % % $ 6,577.2 $ 6,069.9 $ 5,557.4 $ 5,721.6 $ 5,576.7 Advisor Services (6) % % 5,016.7 4,687.4 4,372.3 4,379.7 4,343.8 Total client assets % % $ 11,593.9 $ 10,757.3 $ 9,929.7 $ 10,101.3 $ 9,920.5 Net growth in assets in client accounts (for the quarter ended) Net new assets by business (4) Investor Services (5) % % $ 52.7 $ 31.2 $ 69.5 $ 46.2 $ 37.2 Advisor Services (6) % % 81.7 42.4 62.9 62.2 53.6 Total net new assets % % $ 134.4 $ 73.6 $ 132.4 $ 108.4 $ 90.8 Net market gains (losses) 702.2 754.0 (304.0) 72.4 422.2 Net growth (decline) $ 836.6 $ 827.6 $ (171.6) $ 180.8 $ 513.0 New brokerage accounts (in thousands, for the quarter ended) % % 1,143 1,098 1,183 1,119 Client accounts (in thousands) Active brokerage accounts % % 37,963 37,476 37,011 36,456 35,982 Banking accounts % % 2,150 2,096 2,050 1,998 1,954 Workplace Plan Participant Accounts (7) % % 5,619 5,586 5,495 5,399 5,388 (1) Total client assets in purchased money market funds are located at: https://www.aboutschwab.com/investor-relations . (2) Includes balances held on and off the Schwab platform. As of September 30, 2025, off-platform equity and bond funds, CTFs, and ETFs were $41.1 billion, $4.9 billion, and $169.5 billion, respectively. (3) Excludes all proprietary mutual funds and ETFs. (4) In the fourth quarter of 2024, Retirement Business Services moved from Advisor Services to Investor Services. Prior periods have been recast. (5) Third quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $3.1 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. Second quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $6.7 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. First quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $5.3 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. Fourth quarter of 2024 includes net outflows of $5.5 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs and an outflow of $0.6 billion from a large international relationship. Third quarter of 2024 includes net outflows of $4.4 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs and an outflow of $0.1 billion from a large international relationship. (6) Fourth quarter of 2024 includes an outflow of $0.3 billion from a large international relationship. (7) Includes Retirement Plan Services, Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and Retirement Business Services. Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business. - 8 The Charles Schwab Corporation Monthly Activity Report For September 2025 Change Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Mo. Yr. Market Indices (at month end) Dow Jones Industrial Average ® 42,330 41,763 44,911 42,544 44,545 43,841 42,002 40,669 42,270 44,095 44,131 45,545 46,398 % % Nasdaq Composite ® 18,189 18,095 19,218 19,311 19,627 18,847 17,299 17,446 19,114 20,370 21,122 21,456 22,660 % % Standard & Poor’s ® 5,762 5,705 6,032 5,882 6,041 5,955 5,612 5,569 5,912 6,205 6,339 6,460 6,688 % % Client Assets (in billions of dollars) Beginning Client Assets 9,737.7 9,920.5 9,852.0 10,305.4 10,101.3 10,333.1 10,280.2 9,929.7 9,892.2 10,349.0 10,757.3 10,963.5 11,228.1 Net New Assets (1) 30.3 22.7 25.5 60.2 30.5 46.6 55.3 1.1 33.6 38.9 45.7 43.3 45.4 % % Net Market Gains (Losses) 152.5 (91.2) 427.9 (264.3) 201.3 (99.5) (405.8) (38.6) 423.2 369.4 160.5 221.3 320.4 Total Client Assets (at month end) 9,920.5 9,852.0 10,305.4 10,101.3 10,333.1 10,280.2 9,929.7 9,892.2 10,349.0 10,757.3 10,963.5 11,228.1 11,593.9 % % Core Net New Assets (1,2) 33.5 24.6 28.8 61.4 30.6 48.0 59.1 2.7 35.0 42.6 46.9 44.4 46.2 % % Receiving Ongoing Advisory Services (at month end) Investor Services 675.1 665.6 688.9 682.0 698.7 703.5 688.8 688.2 711.2 737.6 747.9 771.1 792.5 % % Advisor Services 4,343.8 4,303.3 4,489.2 4,379.7 4,496.6 4,493.2 4,372.3 4,353.0 4,525.6 4,687.4 4,765.1 4,888.2 5,016.7 % % Client Accounts (at month end, in thousands) Active Brokerage Accounts 35,982 36,073 36,222 36,456 36,709 36,861 37,011 37,254 37,375 37,476 37,658 37,798 37,963 — % Banking Accounts 1,954 1,967 1,980 1,998 2,019 2,033 2,050 2,066 2,077 2,096 2,116 2,137 2,150 % % Workplace Plan Participant Accounts (3) 5,388 5,407 5,393 5,399 5,450 5,464 5,495 5,518 5,563 5,586 5,619 5,606 5,619 — % Client Activity New Brokerage Accounts (in thousands) % % Client Cash as a Percentage of Client Assets (4) 9.5 % 9.8 % 9.5 % 10.1 % 9.8 % 10.0 % 10.6 % 10.5 % 10.1 % 9.9 % 9.7 % 9.5 % 9.4 % (10) bp (10) bp Derivative Trades as a Percentage of Total Trades 21.5 % 21.4 % 19.7 % 18.6 % 19.3 % 19.9 % 19.5 % 18.4 % 21.0 % 20.8 % 21.3 % 22.5 % 22.3 % (20) bp 80 bp Selected Average Balances (in millions of dollars) Average Interest-Earning Assets (5) 420,203 422,327 425,789 431,177 431,523 424,805 425,228 430,884 419,638 417,768 418,640 417,194 423,629 % % Average Margin Balances 72,755 74,105 76,932 81,507 82,551 84,233 82,725 77,478 79,132 82,339 85,492 90,399 94,609 % % Average Bank Deposit Account Balances (6) 82,336 83,261 84,385 85,384 84,790 83,089 84,302 84,060 81,495 81,014 80,755 79,781 79,308 (1) % (4) % Mutual Funds and Exchange-Traded Funds Net Buys (Sells) (7,8) (in millions of dollars) Equities 5,217 7,176 13,226 14,805 10,050 4,987 (1,221) 7,950 10,473 8,987 10,936 8,402 8,832 Hybrid (432) (1,397) (329) (1,324) (464) (603) (1,663) (287) (1,038) (463) (604) (452) Bonds 11,015 10,442 7,473 10,969 8,747 12,162 11,438 (1,490) 8,483 6,050 11,920 12,993 12,502 Net Buy (Sell) Activity (in millions of dollars) Mutual Funds (7) (1,261) (4,905) (4,492) (4,331) (6,785) (3,971) (8,537) (13,955) (3,224) (5,351) (3,442) (2,217) (4,754) Exchange-Traded Funds (8) 17,061 21,126 24,862 30,229 24,258 20,656 18,151 18,752 21,893 19,350 25,835 23,008 25,636 Money Market Funds 9,672 11,032 9,172 8,956 11,584 12,306 14,586 (6,158) 5,794 5,814 2,452 4,319 (517) Note: Certain supplemental details related to the information above can be found at: https://www.aboutschwab.com/financial-reports . (1) Unless otherwise noted, differences between net new assets and core net new assets are net flows from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. 2024 also includes outflows from a large international relationship of $0.3 billion in October and $0.6 billion in November. (2) Net new assets before significant one-time inflows or outflows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $25 billion beginning in 2025; $10 billion in prior periods) relating to a specific client, and activity from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. (3) Includes Retirement Plan Services, Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and Retirement Business Services. Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business. (4) Schwab One ® , certain cash equivalents, bank deposits, third-party bank deposit accounts, and money market fund balances as a percentage of total client assets; client cash excludes brokered CDs issued by Charles Schwab Bank. (5) Represents average total interest-earning assets on the Company’s balance sheet. (6) Represents average clients’ uninvested cash sweep account balances held in deposit accounts at third-party financial institutions. (7) Represents the principal value of client mutual fund transactions handled by Schwab, including transactions in proprietary funds. Includes institutional funds available only to investment managers. Excludes money market fund transactions. (8) Represents the principal value of client ETF transactions handled by Schwab, including transactions in proprietary ETFs. - 9 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), Schwab’s third quarter earnings release contains references to the non-GAAP financial measures described below. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab’s results in the current period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. Schwab’s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below. Non-GAAP Adjustment or Measure Definition Usefulness to Investors and Uses by Management Acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs Schwab adjusts certain GAAP financial measures to exclude the impact of acquisition and integration-related costs incurred as a result of the Company’s acquisitions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring costs, and, where applicable, the income tax effect of these expenses. Adjustments made to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets are reflective of all acquired intangible assets, which were recorded as part of purchase accounting. These acquired intangible assets contribute to the Company’s revenue generation. Amortization of acquired intangible assets will continue in future periods over their remaining useful lives. We exclude acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs for the purpose of calculating certain non-GAAP measures because we believe doing so provides additional transparency of Schwab’s ongoing operations, and is useful in both evaluating the operating performance of the business and facilitating comparison of results with prior and future periods. Costs related to acquisition and integration or restructuring fluctuate based on the timing of acquisitions, integration and restructuring activities, thereby limiting comparability of results among periods, and are not representative of the costs of running the Company’s ongoing business. Amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because management does not believe it is indicative of the Company’s underlying operating performance. Return on tangible common equity Return on tangible common equity represents annualized adjusted net income available to common stockholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents common equity less goodwill, acquired intangible assets — net, and related deferred tax liabilities. Acquisitions typically result in the recognition of significant amounts of goodwill and acquired intangible assets. We believe return on tangible common equity may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure to facilitate assessing capital efficiency and returns relative to the composition of Schwab’s balance sheet. Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio represents the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio as prescribed by bank regulatory guidance for the consolidated company and for Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (CSB), adjusted to reflect the inclusion of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in the ratio. Inclusion of the impacts of AOCI in the Company’s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio provides additional information regarding the Company’s current capital position. We believe Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure of the Company’s capital levels. The Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC’s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria. Additionally, the Company uses adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio in managing capital, including its use of the measure as its long-term operating objective. - 10 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) The tables below present reconciliations of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total expenses excluding interest (GAAP), Net income (GAAP) $ 3,114 $ 2,358 $ 3,005 $ 1,408 $ 9,306 $ 6,393 $ 8,890 $ 4,102 Amortization of acquired intangible assets (127) (130) (385) (389) Acquisition and integration-related costs (1) — — (23) — — (97) Restructuring costs (2) — — — — — — (18) Income tax effects (3) N/A (29) N/A (36) N/A (92) N/A (111) Adjusted total expenses (non-GAAP), Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) $ 2,987 $ 2,456 $ 2,852 $ 1,525 $ 8,921 $ 6,686 $ 8,422 $ 4,459 (1) There were no acquisition and integration-related costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025. Acquisition and integration-related costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consist of $9 million and $44 million of compensation and benefits, $3 million and $32 million of professional services, and $8 million and $13 million of depreciation and amortization. (2) There were no restructuring costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and three months ended September 30, 2024. Restructuring costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect a benefit due to a change in estimate of $34 million in compensation and benefits, offset by $3 million of occupancy and equipment expense and $13 million of other expense. (3) The income tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and are used to present the acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs on an after-tax basis. N/A Not applicable. Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Income before taxes on income (GAAP), Pre-tax profit margin (GAAP) $ 3,021 49.2 % $ 1,842 38.0 % $ 8,279 47.1 % $ 5,387 37.7 % Amortization of acquired intangible assets 2.1 % 2.7 % 2.2 % 2.7 % Acquisition and integration-related costs — — 0.5 % — — 0.7 % Restructuring costs — — — — — — (18) (0.1) % Adjusted income before taxes on income (non-GAAP), Adjusted pre-tax profit margin (non-GAAP) $ 3,148 51.3 % $ 1,995 41.2 % $ 8,664 49.3 % $ 5,855 41.0 % Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Net income available to common stockholders (GAAP), Earnings per common share — diluted (GAAP) $ 2,277 $ 1.26 $ 1,299 $ .71 $ 6,050 $ 3.33 $ 3,761 $ 2.05 Amortization of acquired intangible assets .07 .07 .21 .21 Acquisition and integration-related costs — — .01 — — .05 Restructuring costs — — — — — — (18) (.01) Income tax effects (29) (.02) (36) (.02) (92) (.05) (111) (.05) Adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP), Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP) $ 2,375 $ 1.31 $ 1,416 $ .77 $ 6,343 $ 3.49 $ 4,118 $ 2.25 - 11 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Return on average common stockholders’ equity (GAAP) % % % % Average common stockholders’ equity $ 42,655 $ 36,393 $ 40,903 $ 34,895 Less: Average goodwill (11,951) (11,951) (11,951) (11,951) Less: Average acquired intangible assets — net (7,423) (7,938) (7,552) (8,067) Plus: Average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and acquired intangible assets — net 1,695 1,735 1,695 1,747 Average tangible common equity $ 24,976 $ 18,239 $ 23,095 $ 16,624 Adjusted net income available to common stockholders (1) $ 2,375 $ 1,416 $ 6,343 $ 4,118 Return on tangible common equity (non-GAAP) % % % % (1) See table above for the reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP). (Preliminary) September 30, 2025 CSC CSB Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (GAAP) 9.7 % 12.4 % Tier 1 Capital $ 43,491 $ 31,514 Plus: AOCI adjustment (11,826) (10,272) Adjusted Tier 1 Capital 31,665 21,242 Average assets with regulatory adjustments 447,094 253,874 Plus: AOCI adjustment (12,176) (10,613) Adjusted average assets with regulatory adjustments $ 434,918 $ 243,261 Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (non-GAAP) 7.3 % 8.7 % - 12 -