=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Schwab (SCHW) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Transcript | The Motley Fool Accessibility Menu ▲ S&P 500 + ---% | ▲ Stock Advisor + ---% Join The Motley Fool Search for a company Accessibility ... Help Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Compare All Podcasts Hidden Gems Investing Podcast Rule Breaker Investing Podcast The Motley Fool Foundation Stock Market News Live Coverage Trending News Stock Market News Market Movers Tech Stock News Market Trends Crypto News Stock Market Indexes Today Most Active Stocks Today Today's Biggest Stock Gainers Today's Biggest Stock Losers Stock Quotes by Exchange Market Research 📨 Breakfast News Top Stocks to Buy Now Best ETFs to Buy Best AI Stocks Best Growth Stocks Dividend Kings Best Index Funds Next Cryptos to Explode Technology Energy Real Estate Healthcare Consumer Goods Materials Industrials How to Invest How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in Bonds Financial Dictionary Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes What Are Stock Splits? What Is Compound Interest? After Hours Trading How to Buy Stock Best Brokers for Beginners Best Brokerage Accounts Good Time to Buy Stocks How Many Shares to Buy? Portfolio Diversification How to Invest $100 Magnificent Seven Companies Warren Buffett Investments Investing in ChatGPT Investing in SpaceX Investing in OpenAI Investing in Nvidia Investing in Databricks Retirement Retirement News Retirement 101 Types of Retirement Accounts How to Contribute to 401k/IRA? Strategies to Save for Retirement Asset Allocation for My Age Best IRA Brokerage Accounts Social Security 101 How to Maximize Social Security? Full Retirement Age COLAs Calculate Your SS Benefits Collecting Spousal Benefits Maximize Social Security Benefit How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire 401(k) Plans 403(b) Plans Roth IRA Plans IRA Plans HSA Plans Complete Retirement Guide Best & Worst States to Retire Average Retirement Savings Moving for Retirement Healthcare in Retirement Understanding Taxes in Retirement 401(k) Minimum Distributions Personal Finance Best Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards Credit Card Reviews Credit Card Guides and Tools Best Savings Accounts Bank Reviews Best Personal Loans Personal Loan Reviews Best Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Mortgage Lender Reviews Guide to Mortgages Auto Insurance Home Insurance Life Insurance About Us About Us Contact Us Investing Philosophy Motley Fool Money The Motley Fool Foundation Reviews Newsroom YouTube LinkedIn X Facebook Instagram Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Advertise With Us Become an Affiliate Partner Publishing Standards All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Bars Image source: The Motley Fool. DATE Wednesday, January 21, 2026 at 12:00 a.m. ET CALL PARTICIPANTS President — Richard Wurster Chief Financial Officer — Michael Verdeschi Chief Operating Officer — Jeff Edwards Operator Need a quote from a Motley Fool analyst? Email [email protected] TAKEAWAYS Core Net New Assets (NNA) -- $519 billion, representing a 42% annual increase, with an organic growth rate of 5.1%. New Brokerage Accounts -- 4.7 million accounts opened, a 13% year-over-year rise, contributing to more than 46 million total client accounts. Managed Investing Net Flows -- Grew 36% to nearly $70 billion, reaching a record high and nearly quadrupling since 2022. Bank Lending Balances -- Increased to an all-time high of $58 billion, up 28% year over year, with pledged asset line originations growing 85% over the prior year. Client Assets -- Surpassed $12 trillion, an 18% annual growth rate, ranking first among peers in total client assets, RIA custodial assets, and daily average trades. Total Net Revenues -- Reached a record $23.9 billion for the year, up 22% from 2024. Adjusted Earnings Per Share -- Hit a record $4.87, increasing 50% year over year and exceeding the upper end of previously updated guidance ranges. Fourth-Quarter Total Revenue -- Achieved $6.3 billion, up 19% year over year, with net interest revenue growing 25% and trading revenue rising 22%. Adjusted Pretax Profit Margin -- Reached just over 52% in the fourth quarter and 50% for the full year, representing an expansion of nearly 800 basis points. Client Trading Activity -- Daily average trades of $8.3 million in the fourth quarter, marking the second-highest quarterly level, and $7.7 million daily average trades for the year, both record figures. Cash Balances -- Quarter-end cash reached $453.7 billion, with a sequential increase of $28.1 billion, or approximately 7%, fueled by over $26 billion of December inflows and seasonal trends. Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio -- Ended the year at 7.1%, above the company’s 6.75%-7% objective, even after $2.7 billion in common share repurchases during the quarter. Total Capital Return -- $11.8 billion returned to shareholders over the year through various forms, including repurchases and dividends. 2026 Financial Scenario Guidance -- Forecasts total revenue growth of 9.5%-10.5%, full-year organic asset growth around 5%, and net interest margin between 2.85%-2.95%. Expense Planning -- Projected 5.5%-6.5% year over year annual expense growth, aligned with strategic investments and macroeconomic factors. Expected 2026 Adjusted EPS -- Scenario implies $5.70-$5.80, suggesting upper-teen percentage earnings growth. AI and Efficiency -- Over 220 AI use cases adopted, contributing to a 20% reduction in cost per account over five years and bringing expense on client assets (EOCA) from 15 basis points in 2020 to about 11 basis points currently. Alternatives Platform Expansion -- Alternatives offerings, including the soon-to-close acquisition of Forge and investment in Qapita, target higher net worth clients, with less than 40% of RIA clients currently allocated to alternatives. Client Demographic Trends -- One third of new retail accounts opened by Gen Z, nearly 60% of new retail clients under 40, and average retail client age now in the 40s. Trading and Crypto -- About half of new-to-firm retail clients initiated access to thinkorswim, with spot Bitcoin and Ethereum trading planned for launch within the year; Schwab clients represent a roughly 20% share of spot crypto ETPs. SUMMARY The Charles Schwab Corporation ( SCHW +1.67% ) reported record annual growth across core business lines, with leadership emphasizing both expanded client engagement and revenue diversification. Management highlighted that institutional and retail business segments each delivered strong net new asset growth, with the company maintaining industry-leading status in assets and daily trade volume. Executives signaled ongoing momentum for 2026, supporting a scenario of high-single to low-double-digit revenue growth, organic asset expansion, and further margin improvement based on continued efficiency gains and strategic initiatives. Verdeschi stated, "this full year scenario implies potential adjusted earnings of around the $5.70 to $5.80 range, which would represent year-over-year earnings growth in the upper teens." Wurster described strong engagement among former Ameritrade clients, noting they contributed between "1/3 and 40%" of flows to wealth and lending solutions following a challenging transition period. Verdeschi explained, "We have continued to build out these capabilities in the early days of 2026 by putting in place a modest amount of income hedges against our margin loan book." The company is investing in broadening its suite of wealth management, lending, and alternative investment offerings to attract affluent and Gen Z clients, aiming to further increase account penetration rates and asset consolidation. Scenario planning assumed 225 basis points in Fed funds rate cuts and 6.5% equity market returns, while explicitly noting that capital return levels may fluctuate but remain "a meaningful part" of their financial growth narrative. INDUSTRY GLOSSARY NNA (Net New Assets) : The dollar value of new client assets brought to the platform minus client asset outflows for the period, reflecting organic growth. EOCA (Expense on Client Assets) : Operating expenses as a percentage of total client assets, used to benchmark cost efficiency in wealth management platforms. PAL (Pledged Asset Line) : A flexible, non-purpose securities-based lending facility allowing clients to borrow against the value of their investment holdings. RIA (Registered Investment Adviser) : An advisor or firm providing fiduciary investment advice, often utilizing Schwab's Advisor Services platform for custody and other support. ETP (Exchange-Traded Product) : A public investment vehicle, such as ETFs or ETNs, tracking an index or asset—including crypto—traded on exchanges. Full Conference Call Transcript Richard Wurster: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our winter business update. 2025 was a record year for Schwab. Guided by our Through Clients' Eyes strategy and with a supportive market, engaged clients and strong execution, we delivered growth on all fronts with clients across our solutions and in our financial results. We attracted $519 billion in core net new assets or NNA, a 42% increase over last year. In 2025, clients opened 4.7 million new brokerage accounts, a 13% increase over 2024. Solutions growth, one measure of deepening relationships with clients by helping them conduct more of their financial lives at Schwab reached new records. Managed investing net flows grew 36% over 2024, achieving a new record. Bank lending balances reached an all-time high of $58 billion. This diversified combination of client and solutions growth, supported by our disciplined financial management approach resulted in record financial growth. Total net revenues reached a new record high of $23.9 billion, and we delivered record adjusted earnings of $4.87, up 50% over last year. With strong execution across our strategic focus areas, growth, scale and efficiency, brilliant basics and our people, we continue to innovate to help our clients grow, manage, enjoy, protect and pass on their wealth. This is how we've always approached innovation at Schwab with a focus on helping our clients achieve better financial outcomes. I'll share just a few examples from 2025. We opened 10 new branches and hired hundreds of financial consultants and wealth advisers. Clients with an FC bring in more than 2x the NNA, are more engaged with our wealth solutions and have higher client Promoter Scores. We strengthened our lending, wealth and trading offers. We leveraged artificial intelligence to serve clients more efficiently. In our Advisor Services business, we launched Advisor ProDirect, a subscription service supporting RIAs wherever they are in their journey to separately managed accounts program and nearly doubled the size of our institutional no transaction fee mutual fund platform. We entered a definitive agreement to acquire Forge, which will help us provide clients with multiple ways to access alternatives while democratizing private investing. We also made a strategic investment in Qapita, a complete equity management solution designed to support private companies in the late stages prior to IPO. With Forge and Qapita, we are creating an ecosystem where we can administer private stock plans while providing access to liquidity for private company employees and investors, all while creating a pre-IPO pipeline of future stock plan services clients for Schwab. We took an ownership stake in Wealth.com and began rolling out their estate analysis capability to our specialists, giving us more tools to help clients integrate their estate planning into their investment life. We delivered this -- all of this in a year where our clients achieved record levels of wealth through market ups and downs. As the year came to a close and from where we stand today, market valuations are high, but the economy remains strong. All of this fueled record levels of client engagement. We supported 1.9 billion trades, more than 30 million calls to our service centers and about 2.2 billion digital log-ins, up approximately 18% from 2024. Clients reaching out to our service centers had their calls answered in less than 30 seconds on average as our professionals fielded client questions ranging from whether stocks were overvalued to how to navigate market volatility to inquiries about cryptocurrencies to how to protect their wealth. Millions of investors consumed our educational content. While clients embraced our easy and intuitive digital experiences, they showed us they want more than an app when what's at stake is their financial future. In short, we were there for our clients when, where and how they needed us. You can see this in our third-party recognition and more importantly, in strong and improving client Promoter Scores across retail, adviser services and our workplace business. We ended the year with more than 46 million client accounts and nearly $12 trillion in total client assets, reinforcing our position as an industry leader and ranking #1 among peers by total client assets, RIA custodial assets and daily average trades, which reached a record $7.7 million a day for the year. We are entering 2026 in a leading competitive position and our momentum is strong. I want to spend a few minutes laying out what collectively positions us to continue delivering earnings growth through the cycle. Most importantly, we are taking a holistic view of growth. We have 2 important levers: serving more clients and deepening relationships by serving more of their financial needs. Attracting more clients will always be important. But with nearly $12 trillion in assets and more than 46 million client accounts, doing more for our clients is as important a source of growth as acquiring new clients. We are equally focused on growing NNA and growing our wealth, lending and product areas. This growth is key to our revenue growth and our revenue diversification. There are 2 more critical pieces to the puzzle. First, our sheer scale, combined with efficiency efforts that make it easier for clients to do business with us, keeps our cost to serve clients low. This also allows us to invest in client capabilities that will fuel our growth and fuel experiences that drive more efficiencies. Second, our disciplined financial management approach and capital return underpins it all. Taken together, when we deliver on each of these effectively, we are cycle. I'll spend the next few minutes unpacking growth and scale and efficiency, and Mike will dive into our financials. Serving a growing number of clients and attracting net new assets is our first growth lever. And in 2025, the organic growth rate of core NNA reached 5.1%. In Advisor Services, we are attracting net new assets from new and existing advisers of all sizes as we help them serve their clients grow their businesses and succeed in an increasingly competitive industry. No matter an RIA size, we serve them all in a way no competitor can. 1 million new retail households turned to Schwab in 2025. These new households represent a broad and diverse client base. Our average retail client is now in their 40s, and our average new-to-firm retail client is in their 30s. Gen Z investors comprise nearly 1/3 of new retail client accounts opened in 2025 and nearly 60% are under the age of 40. About 1/3 of new clients are affluent, and the volume of new trader clients continues to increase. To sum it up, we are winning with investors of all ages, wealth tiers and time horizons. Clients expect all aspects of their lives to be more convenient, and they want to conduct more of their financial lives in one place. At our scale, we have an incredible opportunity to do more for existing clients at a magnitude that can't be easily replicated. When existing clients entrust more of their assets to Schwab, it is a win for clients because it makes their financial lives easier, and we're delivering the value they want. It is a win for the firm because it helps us diversify our revenue streams. Guided by our through client size strategy, we have a diverse set of monetization opportunities that are providing value to clients across both adviser services and retail. I want to specifically call out the -- we see in adviser services. First is wealth. We're expanding our wealth services offer, which is designed to simplify processes and help advisers compete and serve their clients' comprehensive needs. This includes our growing model market center platform and alternative investments. Second, we're focused on expanding our lending and trust services to our advisers through Charles Schwab Bank. Finally, we're delivering industry-leading trading capabilities. At a later date, I'll share more on the high-touch trading service for block trades we're launching in Q1. I'll share more detail on the opportunities we have across wealth, banking, trading and alternative investments. We have made significant investments in our wealth offer over the last several years, including rounding out our product offer with solutions like Wasmer Schroeder Fixed Income Strategies and Schwab Personalized Indexing. Within our flagship offer, Schwab Wealth Advisory, we've reduced the practice size of our wealth advisers and hired to serve more clients. We've created a business development officer role focused solely on growing the business so wealth advisers can focus on their clients. We've improved our tax, trust and estate capabilities, and we've built out specialty teams catering to the unique needs of our higher net worth clients. These investments are paying off. Managed investing net flows have nearly quadrupled since 2022, and we still have a meaningful opportunity ahead of us. Approximately 5% of retail households at Schwab engaged with our managed investing solutions, yet about 31% say they are willing to pay for advice. The reason we have confidence we'll continue to close this gap is client Promoter Scores for our managed investing solutions are among the highest at the firm. At the same time, return on client assets or ROCA for managed investing solutions is 2x that of retail, which diversifies our revenue streams as we delight clients. We expect wealth to be a critical future driver of AMAF growth. We've also made significant investments in our banking offer. Just a few years ago, it took about a month for a client to access investments we've made our pledged asset line client experience is best-in-class with average digital cycle times of about a day and nearly 3/4 of originations completed in less than a day. With these investments in client experience, PAL balances have nearly doubled since 2023. Given the opportunity we have ahead of us, we are not taking our foot off the gas. Client penetration of PAL remains relatively low. Within retail, only 9% of ultra-high net worth clients have originated a PAL. In AS, 23% have a PAL. We are continuing to invest in the experience with expanded PAL collateral capabilities, including borrowing against Schwab managed investing solutions and more enhancements to follow in the year ahead. With an average spread to securities north of 100 basis points, this is a win for clients and for our economics. Schwab is the place for traders of all experience levels. We're the #1 firm by daily average trades with no close second, handling about 10% of the total U.S. notional trading volume in 2025. Traders come to Schwab because we provide the platforms, capabilities, education, coaching and service they need to grow their wealth, engage in markets, take advantage of opportunities and hedge their portfolios. In 2025, about half of new-to-firm retail clients initiated access to our industry-leading thinkorswim platform. Schwab clients hold about a 20% share of spot crypto exchange-traded products, and we remain on track to launch spot trading on Bitcoin and Ethereum in the first half of this year. Traders are highly engaged, bringing in 9x more NNA than retail clients and 2x the ROCA. We'll continue to enhance our offer to meet their unique needs. We're also deepening relationships with our higher net worth clients by continuing to strengthen our alternatives offer. With our acquisition of Forge, which we expect will close in the coming months, we'll be able to provide retail and RIA clients with alternatives from leading managers, passive exposure to alternatives via funds and direct investing in private companies. The opportunity is meaningful. In a recent survey of clients with $1 million or more in assets, retail clients said they expect to allocate approximately 5% of their portfolios to alternatives. And today, less than 40% of our RIA clients have an allocation to alts. Building out our alternatives offer and helping more people participate directly in the growth of private companies provides opportunities for wealth creation and diversification that we believe will be attractive to qualified individual investors and the advisers who serve them. I spent quite a bit of time talking about our 2 growth levers. Our scale and efficiency initiatives make it easier for clients to do business with us while keeping our cost to serve low and enabling us to reinvest in capabilities for clients. With more than 220 use cases, we are leveraging artificial intelligence to help our professionals serve clients more efficiently. We also continue to automate high-volume client requests, improving accuracy, speed and our client experience. We progressed efforts to improve status notifications to clients and remove more paper from our system, reducing not in good order errors and saving time for our clients and professionals. Our scale, combined with our expense discipline have allowed us to decrease our cost per account 20% over the last 5 years while driving our ability to remain the industry leader as measured by expense on client assets, or EOCA, which you can see is a clear competitive differentiator for us. On an adjusted basis, EOCA has decreased from about 15 basis points in 2020 to about 11 basis points today. The fourth lever that positions us for earnings growth through the cycle is our disciplined financial management and capital return. I'll turn it to Mike now to speak more in detail on our approach. Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Michael Verdeschi: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. During today's call, I will discuss how we converted our strong business momentum into record financial results for 2025. I'll highlight some of the steps we took to further enhance our capabilities to meet our clients' evolving needs through a range of environments and finally, outline our financial scenario for 2026. Starting with the fourth quarter results. Total revenue was up 19% year-over-year to a record $6.3 billion. Net interest revenue increased 25% versus the prior year as we further reduced wholesale funding at the bank to the lower end of our BAU range and clients increased their utilization of our margin and bank loan offerings. Robust equity markets plus client demand for our wealth and asset management solutions helped asset management and administration fees grow by 15% versus 4Q '24. Daily average trades of $8.3 million, the second highest quarter on record, drove a 22% year-over-year increase in trading revenue. Now looking at expenses. Adjusted expenses for the fourth quarter were up 6% versus 4Q '24 bringing full year adjusted expense growth to 6% as we supported record levels of investor engagement across our suite of trading, wealth, banking and asset management solutions. While we had anticipated some moderation in client trading activity towards the back end of the year, we instead saw an acceleration in activity, which contributed to higher volume-related costs, inclusive of performance-based compensation. This incremental expense was more than offset by the significant pickup in revenues and therefore, supported stronger earnings. Putting everything together, we recorded an adjusted pretax profit margin of just over 52% in the fourth quarter and grew adjusted earnings per share by 38% year-over-year to a record $1.39. This strong finish to the year helped us print record financial results for 2025, including total revenue of $23.9 billion, up 22% versus 2024, adjusted pretax profit margin expansion of nearly 800 basis points to 50% and adjusted earnings per share reaching a record $4.87, representing year-over-year earnings growth of 50% and putting earnings above the upper end of the updated scenario range we shared during the fall business update in October. Moving on to our balance sheet. We continue to support our clients as their needs evolve. Demand for our lending solutions increased during the quarter, led by [ Powell ], total bank loan balances grew to $58 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 28%. Client margin loan balances exceeded $112 billion at quarter end, up 34% versus year-end 2024, reflecting equity market strength and investor engagement. On the cash front, we observed typical fourth quarter seasonality, including over $26 billion of cash inflows in December to bring the quarter end balance to $453.7 billion, which represents a sequential quarter increase of $28.1 billion or approximately 7%. This building cash, along with the use of investment portfolio proceeds and balances transferred from the BDA allowed us to further reduce high-cost funding at the bank to $5 billion, the lower end of our $5 billion to $15 billion business as usual range. We'd expect normal cash behavior to continue in 2026 with cash levels generally growing in proportion with the franchise, with history suggesting we could pick up some modest amounts of incremental cash if interest rates move lower from current levels. We also expect typical intra-year cash seasonality trends to persist in 2026, including clients redeploying the fourth quarter cash build early in the first quarter as well as seasonal tax payments during 2Q. Capital levels remain strong with our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio finishing the year just above the upper bound of our 6.75% to 7% objective. At 7.1%, our adjusted ratio also reflects the repurchase of common shares for $2.7 billion during the fourth quarter, bringing year-to-date total capital return across all forms to $11.8 billion. As we move into the new year, our capital management framework remains unchanged. We will continue to prioritize capital levels that support long-term business growth and the evolving needs of our clients across a range of environments. Beyond that, we would seek to opportunistically return excess capital to stockholders in multiple forms. While the absolute level of capital return may vary over time, we believe capital return will continue to be a meaningful part of our through-the-cycle financial growth story. Transitioning to the setup for 2026. As is the case in any year, our financial outcomes will be influenced by a range of factors. Beginning with select macroeconomic factors, our 2026 financial scenario assumes interest rates follow the current forward curve expectations, which call for 225 basis point cuts to the Fed's target rate, bringing the funds rate down to 3.25% by the end of 2026 and 6.5% equity market returns, which is consistent with the long-term average. On the business side, we expect to sustain our momentum from 2025 into the new year with strong new account formation and full year organic asset growth of around 5%. At the same time, we will continue to deepen relationships with the 46 million total accounts and nearly $12 trillion of client assets already on Schwab's platform today. Increased investor utilization of our expanding set of solutions across trading, wealth, banking and more helps to further diversify our revenue as well as support franchise growth over time as clients with deeper relationships tend to consolidate more of their assets at Schwab. Specifically on trading activity, given the record volumes we supported last year, our 2026 scenario does allow for a slight pullback in volumes to roughly 7.4 million daily average trades for the full year. This level aligns more closely with volumes observed in early 2025. Under this scenario, we would expect total revenue growth of 9.5% to 10.5% in 2026. Full year net interest margin expands to a range of 2.85% to 2.95% with average 4Q 2026 NIM expected to finish above 2.9% despite assuming the Fed funds rate comes down by another 50 basis points. Full year 2026 interest-earning assets are expected to expand modestly year-over-year following the paydown of supplemental borrowings at the bank. From an expense planning perspective, we initially anchored to mid-single-digit year-over-year growth and adjust for a range of factors, including the macroeconomic backdrop, client engagement levels, our strategic initiatives and, of course, the revenue outlook. Therefore, within this financial scenario for 2026, we anticipate annual expense growth to range from 5.5% to 6.5%. Our spending plan aligns to our key strategic initiatives and aims to help us continue delivering financial growth through the cycle by driving new client growth and deepening relationships with individual investors and RIAs by further expanding our leading suite of offerings to serve their evolving needs, bolstering our best-in-class service experience while also harnessing incremental scale and efficiency. Select examples for 2026 include investing in branches, adding more financial consultants and wealth advisers, advertising and marketing, expanding our digital asset offering to include spot crypto trading and incorporating more AI across the firm, particularly within our service and technology organizations. So putting all the pieces together, the combination of strong top line growth and balanced expense management implies meaningful operating leverage within this scenario with further pretax margin expansion into the low 50s. If you follow the math down to the bottom line, this full year scenario implies potential adjusted earnings of around the $5.70 to $5.80 range, which would represent year-over-year earnings growth in the upper teens. As always, while rates, client activity and other variables may differ from what we have outlined within today's scenario, we are confident in our ability to drive strong financial outcomes across a range of environments. Similar to last year, we have provided a set of static revenue sensitivities based on year-end 2025 levels. These high-level sensitivities are intended to serve as a complement to the scenario we just walked through, helping you adjust estimates and shape your own perspective around 2026. While most of you are quite familiar with this page, given the focus on the potential path of interest rates, it may be worth spending a moment on the net interest revenue sensitivity. Throughout 2025, we took a number of steps to further enhance our flexibility and financial management capabilities, including standing up a hedge program that helped reduce our interest rate sensitivity by about 1/3. We have continued to build out these capabilities in the early days of 2026 by putting in place a modest amount of income hedges against our margin loan book. Therefore, if you were to assume the Fed funds rate moves much lower than the current market expectations, perhaps approaching the 2% level, we would still anticipate delivering year-over-year earnings growth of at least 10%, probably a bit better, holding all else equal. Of course, there would be other moving pieces to consider in that environment. And although interest rates are an important macro factor, the combination of our enhanced balance sheet management and inherent offsets within our model keeps us well positioned for financial growth across a range of environments. So in closing, we are entering 2026 with strong momentum following a record 2025, where we delivered growth on all fronts. Yet, as Rick outlined earlier on the call, we have tremendous opportunities still in front of us across nearly all areas of our business. Schwab's combination of an increasingly diverse revenue mix, industry-leading scale, enhanced financial capabilities to manage across a range of environments as well as capital return position us to deliver meaningful earnings growth through the cycle. And with that, Jeff, let's turn to Q&A. Jeff Edwards: Operator, can you please remind everyone how they can ask a question today? Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Devin Ryan with Citizens Bank. Devin Ryan: Question just on the balance sheet. Obviously, great work on the supplemental funding normalization there. With that largely complete and where capital ratios are right now, how should we think about the next phase of asset remixing? And as we look maybe even beyond kind of the pledged asset growth and margin lending, what should we be thinking about for the securities portfolio potentially growing again? How do we think about the timing size, maybe duration of that as well? Michael Verdeschi: Thank you for the question. So yes, 2025, we certainly saw the aggressive paydown of supplemental borrowings. And from here, I think about the story more on the asset side, meaning we saw terrific lending momentum in 2025. We're looking for strong lending opportunities in 2026 as well. And that would be with our bank product as well as in margin lending. So I think the growth of lending will continue. In terms of securities, now that we paid down those supplemental borrowings, as those proceeds become available, yes, we do have the opportunity not just to, again, support the loan growth, but also reinvest in the securities portfolio. A couple of thoughts on that. As I've talked about the securities portfolio before, serves as 2 purposes. One is the store of liquidity. So with that in mind, we're going to maintain highly liquid product. The majority of that allocation would go to U.S. treasuries, I would say, short dated and then perhaps some allocation to high-quality asset-backed securities, but the main driver would be investing in U.S. treasuries. And we talked about that duration range being the overall portfolio in that 2- to 4-year range. So the expectation would be that those treasury investments would be on the shorter end of the curve. So we feel good about how the balance sheet has evolved. We're in a very good position to continue to support our client needs. And certainly, that activity will help us support strong earnings growth going forward. Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Kenneth Worthington: I'd love an update on the alternatives platform. How is engagement in the new platform? And if possible, I'd love to get a sense of assets. And the initiative is very young, but have there been any indications or do you anticipate that the alt program pricing is disruptive enough to attract either new customers or assets to Schwab? Richard Wurster: Ken, thanks for the question. We are seeing the Alts program grow and succeed and most importantly, delight our clients and in particular, our higher net worth clients. And our goal has been to be the premier destination for all clients, including those higher net worth clients. And over the past few years, we've rolled out new product capabilities for them, including alternatives. We rolled out back lost harvesting capabilities for them to manage their capital gains. We've rolled out concentrated position management for them. We've done more to help them integrate their financial life. We've gone out and hired a bunch of wealth consultants who are experienced in helping the higher net worth clients navigate their financial life. All of those things are leading to a more robust ultra-high net worth offer than we've ever had, and alternatives has proven to be an important part of that. We see a real backlog for wanting to speak with our alternative investment consultants, meaning there's been more interest than we would have expected. We're dealing with that. But that's a good situation to be in. There's a lot of interest, and we are seeing clients engage in it. We're not putting out any asset numbers yet. I think it's so early in the process of rolling all this out. But I think ultimately, this will be the place for the ultra-high net worth investor and the place for them to get alternatives because we will have a great platform of leading alternatives managers. We will supplement that with a fund-based structure to access alternatives in a passive way or privates in a passive way. And then for those clients that want to buy an individual private company through our Forge acquisition, we'll be able to allow them to do that. And we want to be the industry -- the place in the industry where the private companies come because they know they can get liquidity, and we want to be the place where clients come. And I do think over time, that will help our net new asset growth because I do think we'll attract clients to Schwab, and we'll get more of them to bring all of their assets to us, whereas in the past, some of our higher net worth clients might go elsewhere for their alternatives. Now they're finding it at Schwab. So I think it will help our net new asset formation. So thanks for the question, Ken. Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with BMO Capital Markets. Brennan Hawken: I'd like to maybe hear a little bit of color and context around the growth recently. And could you maybe speak to the differences that you've seen in trends between Advisor Services and Investor Services in recent quarters and your expectation? And then maybe how these recent investments in the high net worth offering might have an impact on the Investor Services side? Richard Wurster: Thanks for the question. We've seen our growth accelerate across the board. Our net new assets of $519 billion last year was a 42% increase year-over-year. So we're -- we were pleased with that rate of growth. If you break it down, we grew about 33-ish percent in retail and a little more than the 42% in our adviser business. So both are growing really strongly. What's so exciting to me about our retail growth is that we are winning with every demographic and every type of investor. We're winning the young investor. Our average age of our client has fallen by about 10 years in the last decade and is now in the 40s. 1/3 of our new-to-firm clients last year were Gen Zs investors, and we're going and attracting them in the places they are. We're all over TikTok and Instagram, and we're the most followed financial services company on YouTube. So we're going to where they are, and we're sending a message about the power of compounding, the power of saving and investing and how we can help be part of enriching their financial life. And that's winning. We're winning with active traders. We're winning with buy and hold investors, and we're winning with the high net worth in retail. And as I look forward, I think in the coming years, there's a number of things that will power an acceleration of our Investor Services NNA. Number one, I think when we fully launch crypto and have the ability for clients to transfer assets, I do expect us to see our long-standing clients that have held crypto at other places bring that back. That will be a source of growth. I think that got to get bigger in workplace, and that will be a source of growth. And then our -- the reason we continue to add branches and FCs is that we see NNA really accelerate when there's a dedicated relationship. When there's a financial quarterback in the client's life that can help steer them to help them achieve their financial dreams. And so we're investing in those relationships. We did so last year, we'll continue to do in the coming years. And I think that will really accelerate our retail growth. So in the coming years, I do expect to see retail and our Investor Services NNA accelerate. On the Advisor Services side, we're winning across every dimension. And I think it's hard for our other firms to compete with our size, scale and the breadth and strength of our capabilities, whether it's the custody offering, which we continue to make better, we continue to make easier and more straightforward for advisers, whether it's the consulting and advice and expertise that we bring, the support we bring to help them in their drive to independence. I think the product capabilities and platform, when you add it all up, it's really hard for anyone to match what we can do in that custody space, which is why we continue to see such strong organic growth levels. I think we grew that business at 6.5% organically last year or roughly around that level. So we're winning on all fronts in Advisory Services. I couldn't be more pleased about the M&A growth in 2025. And yet at the same time, as I take a 3- or 5-year look, I think there's a lot of things to be excited about in terms of accelerants to our growth over the longer term. Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Daniel Fannon: I just wanted to ask about your lending offerings, clearly, a focus in an area of growth. what do you see as a reasonable level of penetration of your existing clients in the next couple of years for these offerings? Richard Wurster: I think there's still tremendous upside on our lending business, both with existing products and one we may consider in the future. As I shared earlier, our higher net worth clients, there's only 9% penetration of our pledged asset line capability. And I think that number could be far higher as it's such a convenient, easy way to borrow. And if clients have assets at Schwab, the rates they can access are, I think, best or among the best in the industry and yet for us, are still an attractive spread to securities. So it's a win on all fronts. I think on the adviser front, when I go around and I speak to hundreds of advisers every single year to hear what are we doing well, what can we improve? The #1 thing I often hear about is doing more for them in banking and lending. And I think the pledged asset line has been a wonderful start, and you see the penetration rate up to 23%. I think that number will go higher. And at the same time, I think in the years to come, we will find other ways to bank and lend to the clients of our RIAs. If you put yourself in a position of an RIA, they're fiduciary. They're bringing that independence and to the client relationship and clients love that aspect of it. They do, from time to time, compete against the wealth divisions of wirehouses. And that independence means a lot to clients and is why they have grown their share. At the same time, I think the wirehouses are doing a better job of leveraging their banking capabilities. And the RIAs want to be able to match that, and we're the natural provider of that. So while I think we are doing extremely well, growing our lending today, and you see it with the 85% growth in originations in the last year of a pledged asset line, I think we're just getting started with our banking journey, and I couldn't be more excited about it. Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Alexander Blostein: I was hoping we could touch on your capital return assumptions. into 2026, but also beyond. When you're thinking about sort of the $570 million to $580 million in earnings that you suggested in your scenarios of '26, maybe just level set us what you assume for buybacks then? And again, how are you thinking about longer-term trajectory? Michael Verdeschi: Thank you for the question. So that -- what we provided in that scenario and the implied math does not include buybacks. But in terms of our thoughts on capital, the framework remains unchanged, where capital is going to be there to support the growth of the franchise, the needs of the clients. And beyond that, the capital framework that we have in place and will continue as we think across the capital forms and the way in which we could return it for dividends, we still think in terms of a 20% to 30% payout of GAAP earnings. We'll look at our preferred securities and -- over the course of this year, we'll look at a couple of securities in terms of perhaps might we wish to redeem those or leave those outstanding or perhaps replace. And so that will be a function of how we want the capital stack to look and the inclusion of those preferred securities. And then lastly, with buybacks, again, we'll talk about things like where we are in the ratio and of course, the growth of the overall franchise and making sure capital will be there to support the growth of the franchise. But again, with the strong earnings momentum that we've seen, we feel good about returning capital in multiple forms over the course of '26. Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Steven Chubak: So I wanted to ask on some of the tax advantaged long/short strategies. It's an area where you've seen tremendous growth. The balances, they're NII accretive, but they do come in at lower spreads. And just wanted to better understand how much further you can deepen penetration rates across the RIA channel given such strong demand and the types of returns you're generating on the balances relative to [ CAL ] and other potential balance sheet growth opportunities. Michael Verdeschi: Steven, thank you for the question. Yes, this is a product that our advisers are using this strategy with high net worth clients as a way to drive enhanced returns through leverage. And so it's a pairing of a long with some shorts. It's been a good tactical solution for those clients. And you're right, this is something that there's a net balance sheet treatment from it. So from our perspective, we're providing a service. It doesn't gross up that balance sheet, if you will. And so there is a fee associated with that. So I think it is a win-win. We're supporting clients and their need to manage their portfolio positions. There's some tax optimization that they can utilize with this portfolio. It helps them with concentration as well. But this is something that we still see is likely to grow in 2026. It is fee-based. Again, it's one of those revenue diversification opportunities that we have. And so again, it's a win-win from our perspective. Richard Wurster: I might just add a couple of things, Mike, that really well said. A couple of things. As we broaden this out to the retail side as well, we'll see a couple of things. Number one, we will have the ability to offer this on a proprietary basis. And our Schwab personalized indexing capability has been something that our clients have absolutely loved and that has added tremendous client value. As we go to a long short, again, I think there's a win-win opportunity here related to that. We're also seeing the opportunity to have broader discussions with our clients and to have forward wealth relationships when we see clients with large concentrated positions, when we see them with big tax gains that they want to manage over time. And those conversations and those situations are part of what is powering our record growth in our wealth business. We had nearly $70 billion of flows into our managed investing solutions last year. That was up 36% or so over the prior year. So all of these capabilities need to be viewed within the lens of a much broader relationship. It is a huge win for a client because our highest client Promoter Scores at the firm are those ones where we have a broader relationship. And the economics for us are compelling because we're growing our fee-based revenue in our wealth business. So we love these conversations because they help clients and they're part of our strategy of continuing to grow and diversify how we generate our economics. Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Brian Bedell: Maybe, Rick, can you just comment on your views on prediction markets? I know you've talked about this in the press and interviews. Clearly, sports betting and prediction markets on mentioned and culture is clearly something you're not interested in. But if the contracts were to develop in more broadly in fundamental investing and other economic types of contracts, is that something you would be interested in launching on the platform? And how would you evaluate that? And what are you hearing from trading clients on that? Richard Wurster: Thanks for the question, Brian. I'd love to expand on this one. A couple of principles that will drive my response. Number one is we always see through clients' eyes, and we want to deliver what's of importance to them and what they want and need to be successful. Number two, our mission is to champion our clients' financial goals with passion and integrity and help them live their best financial life. And those 2 things guide the way we're thinking about prediction markets. So first, as we think about prediction markets, the ones that are related to financial aspects like what's going to happen to employment, what's going to happen to inflation or whether at some point, it develops a market where you can take a position on the stock going up or down, all those kinds of things. Those are related to building an investment portfolio. And certainly, if there is client demand, we are going to make them available. As we work with our -- particularly our active traders to identify the things that are of most importance to them, it's not high on the list today. We're just not seeing a lot of client interest from our clients for those kinds of prediction markets. And I think that's true more broadly in the industry where 95% of the volume that we observe is all sports gambling and has nothing to do with these so-called prediction markets. So as the things that we're hearing from our active traders is keep pushing on the mobile app, keep giving us more research, keep giving us different futures and options capabilities, but we're not hearing a lot about prediction markets. That said, we're looking at this. And if it becomes of client interest, we will have prediction markets. We're not bearing our nose in the sand on this. We don't have a strong stance against prediction markets. I have nothing against prediction markets that are related to a client's portfolio. And as there's client interest or industry interest, we will absolutely be there should there be interest. Expanding into the sports gambling aspects of things, the second principle I mentioned of our focus being on doing everything we can to help our clients grow, protect, manage their wealth, sports gambling is contradictory to that. And so our view has been let the sports betting houses like DraftKings and Robinhood and FanDuel, let them take that. And we know there's a lot of data on this and less than 5% of clients that put money into these gambling houses or these gambling apps leave with more money than they put in. And I contrast that to the all-time record high wealth that our clients hold. It's just a fundamental different -- fundamentally different mission. And so that's our thoughts. We're open to prediction markets. Should there be client and industry interest. We're not interested in the sports gambling. We'll leave that to the FanDuels and Robinhoods, and we'll stay away from that. Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with TD Cowen. William Katz: Just want to unpack to your guidance. Number one, you mentioned that you'd be right around 5% organic growth for 2026. That would be a bit of a deceleration just factually from the 5.1% you put up to '25. And this was supposed to be a transition year. So you beat your goal for this year despite being a transition year. So maybe you can unpack why only 5%? Are you still thinking 5% to 7% is the right long-term goal? And then separately, just coming back to your commentary on the buyback. How should we think about your adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio? Is 6.75% to 7% still the right way to think about that? Otherwise, if you don't buy back a ton of stock, that ratio is going to ramp pretty dramatically given your guidance? Richard Wurster: I'll start with the NNA -- NNA numbers that Mike highlighted. And then, Mike, you can take the second part of that question. But on NNA, I still believe 5% or higher is the right long-term expectation. In the near term, we're focused on 5%. I think that's a realistic target. It's important to keep in mind that our total client assets grew by 18% year-over-year. So the target despite being similar to what we delivered last year, keeps going up. In the longer term, as we -- as I mentioned earlier, as we invest in our workplace business, we fully launched crypto, we add more retail relationships. I believe in the right market environment, we that above 5% still remains very much possible. But in the near term, that 5% with the asset growth we've seen from clients, that's the number we're shooting for. Michael Verdeschi: In terms of that second part, 6.75% to 7% for the adjusted Tier 1 ratio, that is still our objective. And keep in mind, obviously, as we see the growth of the franchise, there is a component of that ratio as interest rates move around, it will change the value of the securities portfolio. That change in value impacts the adjusted Tier 1 ratio. So you could find us operating above that from time to time. But there's no change in that operating objective. That is still very much where we intend to be. Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Benjamin Budish: Maybe just a follow-up on Bill's first question there, just on the 5% expectation for the year. Could you give an update on the legacy Ameritrade customer base? I know in the past, you've indicated that, that cohort has been quite a bit or inflowing slower than the legacy Schwab base. So what are you seeing lately there? And maybe unpack that 5% a little bit in terms of Investor Services versus advisory services? Are you expecting any kind of mix shift, any acceleration? Or does that still remain sort of the longer-term expectation? Richard Wurster: Thanks for the question. We're seeing Ameritrade behavior right where we'd want to see it, which is it has accelerated meaningfully in terms of net new assets, in terms of engagement with the platform and engagement with our other solutions. They've been between 1/3 and 40% of the flows that are going into our wealth solutions into our lending solutions. So it's just -- it's great to see the transformation of where we've gone with Ameritrade clients. And it's as expected. We expected during the transition that it would be a challenging time period, and it was. We saw Ameritrade clients that -- with net new assets that were slightly negative as a group. And now they've moved meaningfully positive and are very much in line with both what we expect and what we see from Schwab clients. And so we're right where we want to be. It's very encouraging. And again, the outlook on NNA, we're very bullish about our growth. And I think you saw that this year. We continue to be both in the -- particularly as I think longer term, there's a number of areas that we can invest in that are going to be accelerants to our NNA, whether it's our workplace business, our crypto business, our retail relationships, our wealth business. And equally as important to that growth, we're just as focused on spending just as much time on doing more for our clients because with $12 trillion in assets, 46 million client accounts, a huge source of our growth can be doing more for clients. They want that from us. They're happier when we do that, and it diversifies our growth, creates stickier, longer-lasting relationships that ultimately build more wealth for our clients, and that's what we're in the business to do. Jeff Edwards: Okay. Operator, looking at the clock, I think we have time for one final question. Operator: Our final question comes from Mike Brown with UBS. Michael Brown: So I just wanted to ask about on the margin here. So guide to the low 50s for 2026, great to see that the margin continues to march higher here. How should we think about that longer-term potential? What's the ceiling there? And then specifically on the AI opportunity, can you maybe talk about some of the measurable revenue lift that we could see in terms of conversions, retention, adviser productivity, service triage? And what are kind of the key KPIs we should track here to know how well it's working and then how your key proprietary data gives you an advantage over some of the new entrants in the fintech space? Michael Verdeschi: Mike, thanks for the question. So first on the margin lending growth -- margin growth -- sorry. The way we think about that is we've seen good margin expansion. Again, that is the result of a well-balanced approach to how we're managing our financials. As you've heard Rick and I talk about today, we're doing more for clients. We're seeing good take-up of our broader suite of products. And with that comes good revenue diversification, and that supports the durability of those revenues. Put that alongside a balanced approach to our expense management. We're investing in our strategic priorities. But at the same time, we're investing in efficiency, and that's ensuring that we can maintain a low cost to serve. That also helps to grow strong financials and see that margin expand. From here, we could see greater margin expansion. But again, there is no arbitrary target on that or ceiling on that per se. It is a result of that approach that we take to managing the financials. In AI, we're already seeing efficiencies where we've invested in having our client-facing reps use AI. We've grown client accounts, we've grown assets, and we've been able to moderate the amount of client-facing reps that we've grown. So we are already seeing efficiency. We want to continue to roll out AI, especially in our technology organization and continued in our service areas. I think the key metrics that we'll continue to focus on is that EOCA is that cost per account. I think you'll see that come through and continue to be relevant. We plan to continue to maintain that low cost to serve and continue to drive those costs lower. Thank you for the question. Richard Wurster: Thank you for your questions and engagement. We have an incredible opportunity ahead of us to deliver for clients and stockholders alike as we look to 2026 and beyond. We have 2 equally powerful levers for growth, attracting more clients and doing more for the 46 million client accounts that we have. Our scale and efficiency initiatives will continue to fuel our ability to invest in our clients while keeping our cost to serve them low. Taken together with this disciplined approach to financial management and capital return that Mike just described, we are confident that we'll continue to deliver earnings growth through the cycle. Thank you. Read Next Jul 6, 2026 • By Eric Volkman Why Charles Schwab Stock Bumped Almost 4% Higher on Monday Jul 5, 2026 • By Reuben Gregg Brewer The Retail Trading Boom Is Back. Charles Schwab Is Quietly Cashing In. Jul 15, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing M&T Bank (MTB) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Jul 15, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing ASML (ASML) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Jul 15, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing Morgan Stanley (MS) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Jul 15, 2026 • By Motley Fool Transcribing Elevance Health (ELV) Q2 2026 Earnings Call Transcript This article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. Charles Schwab is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. The Motley Fool recommends Charles Schwab and recommends the following options: short March 2026 $100 calls on Charles Schwab. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Stocks Mentioned Charles Schwab NYSE : SCHW $102.79 ( +1.67% ) +$1.69 Motley Fool Stock Advisor ’ s Latest Pick Get Access ---% Avg Return *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Premium Investing Services Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. View Premium Services Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube Instagram TikTok © The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool About Us Careers Research Newsroom Contact Advertise Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Motley Fool Money Around the Globe Fool Australia Fool Canada Free Tools CAPS Stock Ratings Discussion Boards Calculators Financial Dictionary Affiliates & Friends Motley Fool Asset Management Motley Fool Wealth Management Motley Fool Ventures Fool Community Foundation Become an Affiliate Partner Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Arrow-Thin-Down S&P 500 7,572.40 +0.4% +28.81 Arrow-Thin-Down DJI 52,658.64 +0.3% +150.37 Arrow-Thin-Down NASDAQ 26,269.23 +0.6% +162.22 Arrow-Thin-Down Bitcoin $64,190.00 -0.8% -$485.22 Arrow-Thin-Down SPCX $135.27 -0.6% -$0.81 Arrow-Thin-Down AAPL $327.50 +4.0% +$12.64 Arrow-Thin-Down AMZN $254.85 +3.0% +$7.36 Arrow-Thin-Down GOOG $370.09 +3.6% +$12.76 Arrow-Thin-Down META $681.27 +3.1% +$20.23 Arrow-Thin-Down MSFT $395.34 +2.7% +$10.41 Arrow-Thin-Down NVDA $212.41 +0.3% +$0.61 Arrow-Thin-Down TSLA $394.28 -0.5% -$1.90 arrow-left arrow-right Most Active Stocks Daily Stock Gainers Daily Stock Losers Earnings Call Transcript Schwab (SCHW) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Transcript By Motley Fool Transcribing – Mar 24, 2026 at 3:55PM EST + Fool.com on Share Summarize with AI

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 a4q25exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 SCHWAB REPORTS RECORD 4Q AND FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS 4Q Core Net New Assets Total $163.9 Billion; Full-Year Organic Growth of 5.1% 4Q Net Revenues Up 19% Year-Over-Year to a Record $6.3 Billion Quarterly GAAP Earnings Per Share of $1.33, $1.39 Adjusted (1) – Up 38% versus 4Q24 WESTLAKE, Texas, January 21, 2026 – The Charles Schwab Corporation reported net income for the fourth quarter totaling $2.5 billion, or $1.33 earnings per share. Excluding $127 million of pre-tax transaction-related costs, adjusted (1) net income and earnings per share equaled $2.6 billion and $1.39, respectively. Client Driven Growth $519B 2025 Core Net New Assets “Schwab delivered growth on all fronts in 2025. Total client accounts grew 6% year-over-year to 46.5 million. New and existing clients entrusted us with $519 billion in core net new assets – a 5.1% organic growth rate – bringing total client assets to a record $11.90 trillion.” President & CEO Rick Wurster Deepen Client Relationships 36% 2025 Managed Investing Net Inflows Growth “Clients are conducting more of their financial lives at Schwab, with record engagement across wealth management, trading, and banking. Net inflows into our Managed Investing solutions grew by 36% versus 2024, while bank loan originations achieved another record year.” President & CEO Rick Wurster Diversified Revenue Growth 22% 2025 Revenue Growth vs. 2024 “Doing more for our growing client base bolsters Schwab’s diversified revenue model. In 2025, the combination of our business momentum, strong engagement, and favorable equity markets resulted in record revenue of $23.9 billion – up 22% versus the prior year.” CFO Mike Verdeschi Opportunistic Capital Return $7.3B 2025 Common Stock Repurchases “During 4Q25, we repurchased 29.2 million shares for $2.7 billion, bringing 2025 capital return to $11.8 billion across all forms. Our capital ratios remained strong while enhancing our balance sheet flexibility to meet the needs of clients in different environments.” CFO Mike Verdeschi 4Q25 Client and Business Highlights • Total client assets increased 18% year-over-year to a record $11.90 trillion • Record 4Q core net new assets of $163.9 billion brings total 2025 asset gathering to $519.4 billion – up 42% versus the prior year • New brokerage account openings exceeded 1 million for the 5th consecutive quarter, pushing active brokerage accounts and total client accounts to 38.5 million and 46.5 million, respectively • Managed Investing Solutions net inflows for the quarter grew 50% versus 4Q24 • Bank loan balances equaled $58.0 billion at December month-end – up 28% year-over-year • Margin loan balances increased 34% versus year-end 2024 to end the quarter at $112.3 billion (2) • Daily average trading volume was 8.3 million – up 31% versus 4Q24 • Announced definitive agreement to acquire Forge Global; transaction expected to close during first half 2026 • Schwab awarded by Forbes, Best Customer Service 2026 (3) - 1 Three Months Ended December 31, % Twelve Months Ended December 31, % Financial Highlights Change Change Net revenues (in millions) $ 6,336 $ 5,329 19% $ 23,921 $ 19,606 22% Net income (in millions) GAAP $ 2,459 $ 1,840 34% $ 8,852 $ 5,942 49% Adjusted $ 2,556 $ 1,974 29% $ 9,242 $ 6,433 44% Diluted earnings per common share GAAP $ 1.33 $ .94 41% $ 4.65 $ 2.99 56% Adjusted $ 1.39 $ 1.01 38% $ 4.87 $ 3.25 50% Pre-tax profit margin GAAP 50.2 % 43.3 % 47.9 % 39.2 % Adjusted 52.2 % 46.6 % 50.0 % 42.5 % Return on average common stockholders’ equity (annualized) % % % % Return on tangible common equity (annualized) % % % % Note: Items labeled “adjusted” are non-GAAP financial measures; further details are included on pages 10-12 of this release. All per-share results are rounded to the nearest cent, based on weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding. 4Q25 Financial Commentary • Quarterly net revenues grew year-over-year by 19% to a record $6.3 billion • Net interest margin for the fourth quarter equaled 2.90%, or 57 basis points of expansion versus 4Q24 • Client transactional sweep cash balances ended December at $453.7 billion, an increase of $28.1 billion versus the prior quarter-end, reflecting organic growth, client net buying activity, and year-end seasonality • Bank Supplemental Funding (4) declined by $9.7 billion to end the quarter at $5.1 billion • Asset management and administration fees grew by 15% year-over-year to $1.7 billion, powered by the firm’s organic growth, equity market appreciation, and investors’ utilization of our wealth and asset management solutions • Trading revenue increased 22% versus 4Q24 due to continued strong engagement • GAAP expenses for the quarter increased 4% year-over-year; excluding amortization of acquired intangibles of $127 million, adjusted total expenses (1) were up 6% relative to 4Q24 • Full-year 2025 GAAP expense growth equaled 5% – 6% adjusted (1) – including higher volume-related costs as well as incremental employee compensation and benefit spend • Capital ratios across the firm remained strong – including preliminary consolidated Tier 1 Leverage and adjusted Tier 1 Leverage (1) equaling 9.3% and 7.1%, respectively • Repurchased 29.2 million shares of our common stock for $2.7 billion during the quarter (1) Further details on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to GAAP reported results are included on pages 10-12 of this release. (2) Includes $9.6 billion of client margin loans related to long/short strategies implemented by RIA clients. (3) Forbes Best Customer Service List 2026 was given on November 11, 2025, and expires November 10, 2026. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Forbes, partnered with HundredX. For more information, visit https://www.forbes.com/lists/best-customer-service/ . Schwab paid a licensing fee to Forbes for use of the award and logos. (4) Bank Supplemental Funding includes repurchase agreements at the banks, Schwab Bank Certificates of Deposit (CDs), and Federal Home Loan Bank balances. Winter Business Update The company will host its Winter Business Update for institutional investors this morning from 7:30 a.m. - 8:30 a.m. CT, 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m. ET. Registration for this Update webcast is accessible at https://www.aboutschwab.com/schwabevents . - 2 Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements relating to the company’s growing client base, client engagement, diversified revenue model, balance sheet flexibility, return of capital, and the closing of the Forge Global acquisition. These forward-looking statements reflect management’s expectations as of the date hereof. Achievement of these expectations and objectives is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed expectations. Important factors that may cause such differences are described in the company’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are available on the company’s website ( https://www.aboutschwab.com/financial-reports ) and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website ( https://www.sec.gov ) . The company makes no commitment to update any forward-looking statements. About Charles Schwab The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) is a leading provider of financial services, with 38.5 million active brokerage accounts, 5.7 million workplace plan participant accounts, 2.2 million banking accounts, and $11.90 trillion in client assets. Through its operating subsidiaries, the company provides a full range of wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services to individual investors and independent investment advisors. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (member SIPC, https://www.sipc.org ), and its affiliates offer a complete range of investment services and products including an extensive selection of mutual funds; financial planning and investment advice; retirement plan and equity compensation plan services; referrals to independent, fee-based investment advisors; and custodial, operational and trading support for independent, fee-based investment advisors through Schwab Advisor Services TM . Its primary banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides banking and lending services and products. More information is available at https://www.aboutschwab.com . Contact Information MEDIA Mayura Hooper, 415-667-1525 public.relations@schwab.com INVESTORS/ANALYSTS Jeff Edwards, 817-854-6177 investor.relations@schwab.com - 3 T HE C HARLES S CHWAB C ORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Income (In millions, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Net Revenues Interest revenue $ 4,004 $ 3,851 $ 15,504 $ 15,537 Interest expense (832) (1,320) (3,754) (6,393) Net interest revenue 3,172 2,531 11,750 9,144 Asset management and administration fees 1,733 1,509 6,506 5,716 Trading revenue 1,066 3,921 3,264 Bank deposit account fees Other Total net revenues 6,336 5,329 23,921 19,606 Expenses Excluding Interest Compensation and benefits 1,630 1,533 6,491 6,043 Professional services 1,197 1,053 Occupancy and equipment 1,117 1,060 Advertising and market development Communications Depreciation and amortization Amortization of acquired intangible assets Regulatory fees and assessments Other Total expenses excluding interest 3,156 3,024 12,462 11,914 Income before taxes on income 3,180 2,305 11,459 7,692 Taxes on income 2,607 1,750 Net Income 2,459 1,840 8,852 5,942 Preferred stock dividends and other Net Income Available to Common Stockholders $ 2,367 $ 1,717 $ 8,417 $ 5,478 Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic 1,772 1,831 1,804 1,828 Diluted 1,777 1,836 1,809 1,834 Earnings Per Common Shares Outstanding : Basic $ 1.34 $ .94 $ 4.67 $ 3.00 Diluted $ 1.33 $ .94 $ 4.65 $ 2.99 - 4 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Financial and Operating Highlights (Unaudited) Q4-25 % change vs. vs. Fourth Third Second First Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts and as noted) Q4-24 Q3-25 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Net Revenues Net interest revenue % % $ 3,172 $ 3,050 $ 2,822 $ 2,706 $ 2,531 Asset management and administration fees % % 1,733 1,673 1,570 1,530 1,509 Trading revenue % % 1,066 Bank deposit account fees (1) % (4) % Other (27) % (25) % Total net revenues % % 6,336 6,135 5,851 5,599 5,329 Expenses Excluding Interest Compensation and benefits % (1) % 1,630 1,653 1,536 1,672 1,533 Professional services % % Occupancy and equipment % % Advertising and market development % % Communications % (5) % Depreciation and amortization (8) % (3) % Amortization of acquired intangible assets (2) % — Regulatory fees and assessments (30) % % Other (2) % (1) % Total expenses excluding interest % % 3,156 3,114 3,048 3,144 3,024 Income before taxes on income % % 3,180 3,021 2,803 2,455 2,305 Taxes on income % % Net Income % % 2,459 2,358 2,126 1,909 1,840 Preferred stock dividends and other (25) % % Net Income Available to Common Stockholders % % $ 2,367 $ 2,277 $ 1,977 $ 1,796 $ 1,717 Earnings per common share: Basic % % $ 1.34 $ 1.26 $ 1.09 $ .99 $ .94 Diluted % % $ 1.33 $ 1.26 $ 1.08 $ .99 $ .94 Dividends declared per common share % — $ .27 $ .27 $ .27 $ .27 $ .25 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic (3) % (2) % 1,772 1,806 1,817 1,817 1,831 Diluted (3) % (2) % 1,777 1,811 1,822 1,822 1,836 Performance Measures Pre-tax profit margin 50.2 % 49.2 % 47.9 % 43.8 % 43.3 % Return on average common stockholders’ equity (annualized) (1) % % % % % Financial Condition (at quarter end, in billions) Cash and cash equivalents % % $ 46.0 $ 30.6 $ 32.2 $ 35.0 $ 42.1 Cash and investments segregated % (10) % 42.9 47.8 45.6 38.4 38.2 Receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations % % 7.2 4.7 4.3 2.9 2.4 Receivables from brokerage clients — net % % 104.7 93.8 82.8 84.4 85.4 Available for sale securities (25) % — 62.4 62.3 67.6 74.8 83.0 Held to maturity securities (9) % (2) % 134.0 136.7 139.7 143.8 146.5 Bank loans — net % % 58.0 53.6 50.4 47.1 45.2 Total assets % % 491.0 465.3 458.9 462.9 479.8 Bank deposits (1) % % 255.7 239.1 233.1 246.2 259.1 Payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations % % 25.7 22.4 18.6 15.7 13.3 Payables to brokerage clients % % 116.3 115.4 109.4 100.6 101.6 Accrued expenses and other liabilities % % 12.8 11.4 10.8 11.0 12.3 Other short-term borrowings % % 6.9 6.5 8.5 6.9 6.0 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (89) % % 1.9 0.9 9.0 11.5 16.7 Long-term debt (1) % % 22.2 20.2 20.2 21.5 22.4 Total liabilities % % 441.6 415.9 409.5 413.4 431.5 Stockholders’ equity % — 49.4 49.4 49.5 49.5 48.4 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity % % 491.0 465.3 458.9 462.9 479.8 Other Full-time equivalent employees (at quarter end, in thousands) % % 33.0 32.7 32.6 32.1 32.1 Capital expenditures — purchases of equipment, office facilities, and property, net (in millions) (39) % % $ $ $ $ $ Expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets (annualized) 0.11 % 0.11 % 0.12 % 0.12 % 0.12 % Clients’ Daily Average Trades (DATs) (in thousands) % % 8,274 7,421 7,571 7,391 6,312 Number of Trading Days — (1) % 63.0 63.5 62.0 60.0 63.0 Revenue Per Trade (2) (7) % (3) % $ 2.05 $ 2.11 $ 2.03 $ 2.05 $ 2.20 (1) Return on average common stockholders’ equity is calculated using net income available to common stockholders divided by average common stockholders’ equity. (2) Revenue per trade is calculated as trading revenue divided by the product of DATs multiplied by the number of trading days. - 5 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Net Interest Revenue Information (In millions, except ratios or as noted) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Revenue/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 29,491 $ 3.88 % $ 28,332 $ 4.61 % $ 28,054 $ 1,189 4.18 % $ 29,676 $ 1,539 5.10 % Cash and investments segregated 45,114 3.91 % 36,510 4.60 % 44,359 1,862 4.14 % 28,450 1,443 4.99 % Receivables from brokerage clients (1) 100,086 1,546 6.04 % 77,524 1,378 6.95 % 87,300 5,700 6.44 % 70,811 5,420 7.53 % Available for sale securities (2) 66,031 2.05 % 92,216 2.09 % 74,478 1,538 2.06 % 101,659 2,166 2.12 % Held to maturity securities (2) 134,742 1.70 % 147,608 1.72 % 139,447 2,386 1.71 % 152,566 2,636 1.72 % Bank loans 55,677 4.29 % 44,248 4.36 % 50,595 2,168 4.28 % 42,255 1,867 4.42 % Total interest-earning assets 431,141 3,803 3.48 % 426,438 3,748 3.46 % 424,233 14,843 3.47 % 425,417 15,071 3.51 % Securities lending revenue Other interest revenue (1) Total interest-earning assets $ 431,141 $ 4,004 3.66 % $ 426,438 $ 3,851 3.56 % $ 424,233 $ 15,504 3.62 % $ 425,417 $ 15,537 3.61 % Funding sources Bank deposits $ 239,867 $ 0.29 % $ 244,176 $ 0.90 % $ 238,088 $ 1,185 0.50 % $ 256,212 $ 3,152 1.23 % Payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations 22,871 3.57 % 13,045 4.28 % 18,236 3.79 % 8,522 4.30 % Payables to brokerage clients (1) 100,746 0.27 % 82,279 0.21 % 94,884 0.26 % 72,776 0.37 % Other short-term borrowings 6,148 4.35 % 9,094 5.33 % 7,020 4.60 % 9,146 5.51 % Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 3,237 4.08 % 19,392 5.18 % 7,682 4.57 % 23,102 1,245 5.32 % Long-term debt 21,284 3.88 % 22,438 3.67 % 21,093 3.91 % 23,083 3.66 % Total interest-bearing liabilities 394,153 0.76 % 390,424 1,320 1.34 % 387,003 3,646 0.94 % 392,841 6,391 1.62 % Non-interest-bearing funding sources 36,988 36,014 37,230 32,576 Other interest expense (1) — Total funding sources $ 431,141 $ 0.76 % $ 426,438 $ 1,320 1.23 % $ 424,233 $ 3,754 0.88 % $ 425,417 $ 6,393 1.49 % Net interest revenue $ 3,172 2.90 % $ 2,531 2.33 % $ 11,750 2.74 % $ 9,144 2.12 % (1) Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, average balances of client margin loans and short credits related to certain client long/short strategies from which the Company earns a fixed net yield are excluded from interest-earning assets and funding sources. Average margin loans related to these client strategies totaled $7.2 billion and $2.8 billion for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively. Average short credits related to these client strategies totaled $7.4 billion and $2.8 billion for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively. Interest revenue and expense related to these client strategies are presented in other interest revenue and other interest expense, respectively. Year-to-date 2025 amounts and average yields have been reclassified and recalculated to reflect this change. This updated presentation results in an increase to net interest margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 of 0.02% and 0.01%, respectively, an increase of 0.01% for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and no impact to the six months ended June 30, 2025, the three months ended March 31, 2025, and prior-year amounts. (2) Amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost. - 6 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Asset Management and Administration Fees Information (In millions, except ratios or as noted) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Average Client Assets Revenue Average Fee Schwab money market funds $ 681,688 $ 0.27 % $ 580,957 $ 0.27 % $ 652,798 $ 1,783 0.27 % $ 539,113 $ 1,461 0.27 % Schwab equity and bond funds, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and collective trust funds (CTFs) 777,071 0.07 % 647,170 0.08 % 708,243 0.07 % 588,999 0.08 % Mutual Fund OneSource ® and other notransaction-fee funds (NTFs) 462,417 0.23 % 363,024 0.25 % 404,065 0.24 % 342,615 0.26 % Other third-party mutual funds and ETFs 627,846 0.06 % 629,913 0.07 % 620,042 0.06 % 611,999 0.07 % Total mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs (1) $ 2,549,022 $ 0.15 % $ 2,221,064 $ 0.15 % $ 2,385,148 $ 3,665 0.15 % $ 2,082,726 $ 3,221 0.15 % Managed investing solutions (1) Fee-based $ 695,933 $ 0.38 % $ 582,464 $ 0.38 % $ 633,960 $ 2,440 0.38 % $ 542,253 $ 2,129 0.39 % Non-fee-based 132,573 — — 115,712 — — 125,333 — — 111,571 — — Total managed investing solutions $ 828,506 $ 0.32 % $ 698,176 $ 0.32 % $ 759,293 $ 2,440 0.32 % $ 653,824 $ 2,129 0.33 % Other balance-based fees (2) 965,676 0.03 % 827,930 0.04 % 893,953 0.04 % 776,715 0.04 % Other (3) Total asset management and administration fees $ 1,733 $ 1,509 $ 6,506 $ 5,716 (1) Managed investing solutions includes managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice such as Schwab Wealth Advisory TM , Schwab Managed Portfolios TM , Managed Account Select ® , Schwab Advisor Network ® , Windhaven Strategies ® , ThomasPartners ® Strategies, Wasmer Schroeder ® Strategies, Schwab Index Advantage advised retirement plan balances, Schwab Intelligent Portfolios ® , Institutional Intelligent Portfolios ® , Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium ® , Schwab Wealth Portfolios™, AdvisorDirect ® , Essential Portfolios, Selective Portfolios, and Personalized Portfolios; as well as legacy non-fee managed investing solutions including Schwab Advisor Source and certain retirement plan balances. Average client assets for managed investing solutions may also include the asset balances contained in the mutual fund and/or ETF categories listed above. For the total end of period view, please see the Monthly Activity Report. (2) Includes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund clearing fees and other service fees. (3) Includes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and ETFs that are not balance-based. - 7 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Growth in Client Assets and Accounts (Unaudited) Q4-25 % Change vs. vs. Fourth Third Second First Fourth (In billions, at quarter end, except as noted) Q4-24 Q3-25 Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Assets in client accounts Schwab One ® , certain cash equivalents, and bank deposits % % $ 379.5 $ 357.1 $ 342.7 $ 345.2 $ 358.8 Bank deposit account balances (13) % (3) % 76.2 78.5 82.1 83.7 87.5 Proprietary mutual funds (Schwab Funds ® and Laudus Funds ® ) and CTFs Money market funds (1) % % 693.8 666.4 653.5 641.5 596.5 Equity and bond funds and CTFs (2) % % 277.4 269.7 249.7 227.0 232.2 Total proprietary mutual funds and CTFs % % 971.2 936.1 903.2 868.5 828.7 Mutual Fund Marketplace ® (3) Mutual Fund OneSource ® and other NTF funds % (4) % 454.2 473.5 453.9 340.3 347.8 Mutual fund clearing services % % 327.7 320.2 298.3 280.6 280.7 Other third-party mutual funds % % 1,274.3 1,237.2 1,168.5 1,195.4 1,211.1 Total Mutual Fund Marketplace % % 2,056.2 2,030.9 1,920.7 1,816.3 1,839.6 Total mutual fund assets % % 3,027.4 2,967.0 2,823.9 2,684.8 2,668.3 Exchange-traded funds Proprietary ETFs (2) % % 495.3 476.0 439.7 398.2 395.0 Other third-party ETFs % % 2,527.5 2,395.7 2,175.6 1,960.1 1,940.6 Total ETF assets % % 3,022.8 2,871.7 2,615.3 2,358.3 2,335.6 Equity and other securities % % 4,722.6 4,624.7 4,188.7 3,765.5 3,972.6 Fixed income securities % (1) % 786.8 792.1 788.0 775.8 762.3 Margin loans outstanding % % (112.3) (97.2) (83.4) (83.6) (83.8) Total client assets % % $ 11,903.0 $ 11,593.9 $ 10,757.3 $ 9,929.7 $ 10,101.3 Client assets by business Investor Services (4) % % $ 6,707.5 $ 6,577.2 $ 6,069.9 $ 5,557.4 $ 5,721.6 Advisor Services (5) % % 5,195.5 5,016.7 4,687.4 4,372.3 4,379.7 Total client assets % % $ 11,903.0 $ 11,593.9 $ 10,757.3 $ 9,929.7 $ 10,101.3 Net growth in assets in client accounts (for the quarter ended) Net new assets by business Investor Services (4) % % $ 60.4 $ 52.7 $ 31.2 $ 69.5 $ 46.2 Advisor Services (5) % % 97.8 81.7 42.4 62.9 62.2 Total net new assets % % $ 158.2 $ 134.4 $ 73.6 $ 132.4 $ 108.4 Net market gains (losses) 150.9 702.2 754.0 (304.0) 72.4 Net growth (decline) $ 309.1 $ 836.6 $ 827.6 $ (171.6) $ 180.8 New brokerage accounts (in thousands, for the quarter ended) % % 1,268 1,143 1,098 1,183 1,119 Client accounts (in thousands) Active brokerage accounts % % 38,506 37,963 37,476 37,011 36,456 Banking accounts % % 2,214 2,150 2,096 2,050 1,998 Workplace Plan Participant Accounts (6) % % 5,740 5,619 5,586 5,495 5,399 (1) Total client assets in purchased money market funds are located at: https://www.aboutschwab.com/investor-relations . (2) Includes balances held on and off the Schwab platform. As of December 31, 2025, off-platform equity and bond funds, CTFs, and ETFs were $42.6 billion, $5.0 billion, and $178.2 billion, respectively. (3) Excludes all proprietary mutual funds and ETFs. (4) Fourth quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $5.7 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. Third quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $3.1 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. Second quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $6.7 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. First quarter of 2025 includes net outflows of $5.3 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. Fourth quarter of 2024 includes net outflows of $5.5 billion from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs and an outflow of $0.6 billion from a large international relationship. (5) Fourth quarter of 2024 includes an outflow of $0.3 billion from a large international relationship. (6) Includes Retirement Plan Services, Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and Retirement Business Services. Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business. - 8 The Charles Schwab Corporation Monthly Activity Report For December 2025 Change Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Mo. Yr. Market Indices (at month end) Dow Jones Industrial Average ® 42,544 44,545 43,841 42,002 40,669 42,270 44,095 44,131 45,545 46,398 47,563 47,716 48,063 1% 13% Nasdaq Composite ® 19,311 19,627 18,847 17,299 17,446 19,114 20,370 21,122 21,456 22,660 23,725 23,366 23,242 (1)% 20% Standard & Poor’s ® 5,882 6,041 5,955 5,612 5,569 5,912 6,205 6,339 6,460 6,688 6,840 6,849 6,846 — 16% Client Assets (in billions of dollars) Beginning Client Assets 10,305.4 10,101.3 10,333.1 10,280.2 9,929.7 9,892.2 10,349.0 10,757.3 10,963.5 11,228.1 11,593.9 11,828.0 11,834.3 Net New Assets (1) 60.2 30.5 46.6 55.3 1.1 33.6 38.9 45.7 43.3 45.4 41.6 38.7 77.9 101% 29% Net Market Gains (Losses) (264.3) 201.3 (99.5) (405.8) (38.6) 423.2 369.4 160.5 221.3 320.4 192.5 (32.4) (9.2) Total Client Assets (at month end) 10,101.3 10,333.1 10,280.2 9,929.7 9,892.2 10,349.0 10,757.3 10,963.5 11,228.1 11,593.9 11,828.0 11,834.3 11,903.0 1% 18% Core Net New Assets (1,2) 61.4 30.6 48.0 59.1 2.7 35.0 42.6 46.9 44.4 46.2 44.4 40.4 79.1 96% 29% Receiving Ongoing Advisory Services (at month end) Investor Services 682.0 698.7 703.5 688.8 688.2 711.2 737.6 747.9 771.1 792.5 807.6 817.9 824.8 1% 21% Advisor Services 4,379.7 4,496.6 4,493.2 4,372.3 4,353.0 4,525.6 4,687.4 4,765.1 4,888.2 5,016.7 5,106.1 5,155.9 5,195.5 1% 19% Client Accounts (at month end, in thousands) Active Brokerage Accounts 36,456 36,709 36,861 37,011 37,254 37,375 37,476 37,658 37,798 37,963 38,145 38,266 38,506 1% 6% Banking Accounts 1,998 2,019 2,033 2,050 2,066 2,077 2,096 2,116 2,137 2,150 2,172 2,189 2,214 1% 11% Workplace Plan Participant Accounts (3) 5,399 5,450 5,464 5,495 5,518 5,563 5,586 5,619 5,606 5,619 5,696 5,730 5,740 — 6% Client Activity New Brokerage Accounts (in thousands) 30% 10% Client Cash as a Percentage of Client Assets (4) 10.1 % 9.8 % 10.0 % 10.6 % 10.5 % 10.1 % 9.9 % 9.7 % 9.5 % 9.4 % 9.3 % 9.4 % 9.7 % 30 bp (40) bp Derivative Trades as a Percentage of Total Trades 18.6 % 19.3 % 19.9 % 19.5 % 18.4 % 21.0 % 20.8 % 21.3 % 22.5 % 22.3 % 23.8 % 21.7 % 21.4 % (30) bp 280 bp Selected Average Balances (in millions of dollars) Average Interest-Earning Assets (5) 431,177 431,367 424,572 424,912 430,402 418,749 416,486 416,714 414,415 419,818 428,281 429,080 435,995 2% 1% Average Margin Balances 81,507 82,551 84,233 82,725 77,478 79,132 82,339 85,492 90,399 94,609 101,192 108,863 111,960 3% 37% Average Bank Deposit Account Balances (6) 85,384 84,790 83,089 84,302 84,060 81,495 81,014 80,755 79,781 79,308 76,203 73,803 74,542 1% (13)% Mutual Funds and Exchange-Traded Funds Net Buys (Sells) (7,8) (in millions of dollars) Equities 14,805 10,050 4,987 (1,221) 7,950 10,473 8,987 10,936 8,402 8,832 6,895 4,883 18,616 Hybrid (1,324) (464) (603) (1,663) (287) (1,038) (463) (604) (452) (1,278) (600) (203) Bonds 10,969 8,747 12,162 11,438 (1,490) 8,483 6,050 11,920 12,993 12,502 16,206 13,371 17,718 Net Buy (Sell) Activity (in millions of dollars) Mutual Funds (7) (4,331) (6,785) (3,971) (8,537) (13,955) (3,224) (5,351) (3,442) (2,217) (4,754) (6,289) (7,255) (3,625) Exchange-Traded Funds (8) 30,229 24,258 20,656 18,151 18,752 21,893 19,350 25,835 23,008 25,636 28,112 24,909 39,756 Money Market Funds 8,956 11,584 12,306 14,586 (6,158) 5,794 5,814 2,452 4,319 (517) 6,333 7,969 6,910 Note: Certain supplemental details related to the information above can be found at: https://www.aboutschwab.com/financial-reports . (1) Unless otherwise noted, differences between net new assets and core net new assets are net flows from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. (2) Net new assets before significant one-time inflows or outflows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $25 billion beginning in 2025; $10 billion in prior periods) relating to a specific client, and activity from off-platform Schwab Bank Retail CDs. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. (3) Includes Retirement Plan Services, Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and Retirement Business Services. Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business. (4) Schwab One ® , certain cash equivalents, bank deposits, third-party bank deposit accounts, and money market fund balances as a percentage of total client assets; client cash excludes brokered CDs issued by Charles Schwab Bank. (5) Represents average total interest-earning assets on the Company’s balance sheet. Beginning in December 2025, average balances of client margin loans and short credits related to certain client long/short strategies from which the Company earns a fixed net yield are excluded from average interest-earning assets. The 2025 amounts have been adjusted accordingly; December 2024 balances were not impacted. (6) Represents average clients’ uninvested cash sweep account balances held in deposit accounts at third-party financial institutions. (7) Represents the principal value of client mutual fund transactions handled by Schwab, including transactions in proprietary funds. Includes institutional funds available only to investment managers. Excludes money market fund transactions. (8) Represents the principal value of client ETF transactions handled by Schwab, including transactions in proprietary ETFs. - 9 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), Schwab’s fourth quarter earnings release contains references to the non-GAAP financial measures described below. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab’s results in the current period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. Schwab’s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below. Non-GAAP Adjustment or Measure Definition Usefulness to Investors and Uses by Management Acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs Schwab adjusts certain GAAP financial measures to exclude the impact of acquisition and integration-related costs incurred as a result of the Company’s acquisitions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring costs, and, where applicable, the income tax effect of these expenses. Adjustments made to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets are reflective of all acquired intangible assets, which were recorded as part of purchase accounting. These acquired intangible assets contribute to the Company’s revenue generation. Amortization of acquired intangible assets will continue in future periods over their remaining useful lives. We exclude acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs for the purpose of calculating certain non-GAAP measures because we believe doing so provides additional transparency of Schwab’s ongoing operations, and is useful in both evaluating the operating performance of the business and facilitating comparison of results with prior and future periods. Costs related to acquisition and integration or restructuring fluctuate based on the timing of acquisitions, integration and restructuring activities, thereby limiting comparability of results among periods, and are not representative of the costs of running the Company’s ongoing business. Amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because management does not believe it is indicative of the Company’s underlying operating performance. Return on tangible common equity Return on tangible common equity represents annualized adjusted net income available to common stockholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents common equity less goodwill, acquired intangible assets — net, and related deferred tax liabilities. Acquisitions typically result in the recognition of significant amounts of goodwill and acquired intangible assets. We believe return on tangible common equity may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure to facilitate assessing capital efficiency and returns relative to the composition of Schwab’s balance sheet. Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio represents the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio as prescribed by bank regulatory guidance for the consolidated company and for Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (CSB), adjusted to reflect the inclusion of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in the ratio. Inclusion of the impacts of AOCI in the Company’s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio provides additional information regarding the Company’s current capital position. We believe Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure of the Company’s capital levels. The Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC’s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria. Additionally, the Company uses adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio in managing capital, including its use of the measure as its long-term operating objective. - 10 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) The tables below present reconciliations of GAAP measures to non-GAAP measures: Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total Expenses Excluding Interest Net Income Total expenses excluding interest (GAAP), Net income (GAAP) $ 3,156 $ 2,459 $ 3,024 $ 1,840 $ 12,462 $ 8,852 $ 11,914 $ 5,942 Amortization of acquired intangible assets (127) (130) (512) (519) Acquisition and integration-related costs (1) — — (20) — — (117) Restructuring costs (2) — — (27) — — (9) Income tax effects (3) N/A (30) N/A (43) N/A (122) N/A (154) Adjusted total expenses (non-GAAP), Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) $ 3,029 $ 2,556 $ 2,847 $ 1,974 $ 11,950 $ 9,242 $ 11,269 $ 6,433 (1) There were no acquisition and integration-related costs for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025. Acquisition and integration-related costs for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024 primarily consist of $10 million and $54 million of compensation and benefits, $4 million and $36 million of professional services, and $6 million and $19 million of depreciation and amortization. (2) There were no restructuring costs for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025. Restructuring costs for the three months ended December 31, 2024 primarily consist of $24 million of other expense. Restructuring costs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 reflect a benefit due to a change in estimate of $34 million in compensation and benefits, offset by $5 million of occupancy and equipment expense and $37 million of other expense. (3) The income tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and are used to present the acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and restructuring costs on an after-tax basis. N/A Not applicable. Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Amount % of Total Net Revenues Income before taxes on income (GAAP), Pre-tax profit margin (GAAP) $ 3,180 50.2 % $ 2,305 43.3 % $ 11,459 47.9 % $ 7,692 39.2 % Amortization of acquired intangible assets 2.0 % 2.4 % 2.1 % 2.7 % Acquisition and integration-related costs — — 0.4 % — — 0.6 % Restructuring costs — — 0.5 % — — — Adjusted income before taxes on income (non-GAAP), Adjusted pre-tax profit margin (non-GAAP) $ 3,307 52.2 % $ 2,482 46.6 % $ 11,971 50.0 % $ 8,337 42.5 % Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Amount Diluted EPS Net income available to common stockholders (GAAP), Earnings per common share — diluted (GAAP) $ 2,367 $ 1.33 $ 1,717 $ .94 $ 8,417 $ 4.65 $ 5,478 $ 2.99 Amortization of acquired intangible assets .08 .07 .29 .28 Acquisition and integration-related costs — — .01 — — .06 Restructuring costs — — .01 — — — Income tax effects (30) (.02) (43) (.02) (122) (.07) (154) (.08) Adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP), Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP) $ 2,464 $ 1.39 $ 1,851 $ 1.01 $ 8,807 $ 4.87 $ 5,969 $ 3.25 - 11 THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION Non-GAAP Financial Measures (In millions, except ratios and per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31, Twelve Months Ended December 31, Return on average common stockholders’ equity (GAAP) % % % % Average common stockholders’ equity $ 42,642 $ 38,604 $ 40,923 $ 35,475 Less: Average goodwill (11,951) (11,951) (11,951) (11,951) Less: Average acquired intangible assets — net (7,297) (7,808) (7,488) (8,002) Plus: Average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and acquired intangible assets — net 1,669 1,723 1,691 1,741 Average tangible common equity $ 25,063 $ 20,568 $ 23,175 $ 17,263 Adjusted net income available to common stockholders (1) $ 2,464 $ 1,851 $ 8,807 $ 5,969 Return on tangible common equity (non-GAAP) % % % % (1) See table above for the reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-GAAP). (Preliminary) December 31, 2025 CSC CSB Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (GAAP) 9.3% 11.1% Tier 1 Capital $ 42,888 $ 28,122 Plus: AOCI adjustment (11,017) (9,562) Adjusted Tier 1 Capital 31,871 18,560 Average assets with regulatory adjustments 462,517 252,824 Plus: AOCI adjustment (11,333) (9,875) Adjusted average assets with regulatory adjustments $ 451,184 $ 242,949 Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (non-GAAP) 7.1 % 7.6 % - 12 -