=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 ex991earningsreleasetables.htm EX-99.1 EX 99.1 Earnings Release & Tables Q2 25 Page 1 of 23 Exhibit 99.1 For Immediate Release | Global Communications | MetLife, Inc. MetLife Announces 2Q 2025 Results Comment from Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer: This quarter, we continued to execute our New Frontier strategy to create value for our customers and shareholders. While the quarter didn’t demonstrate the full earnings power of MetLife, we saw clear momentum across several of our market-leading businesses, coupled with solid underlying fundamentals. Higher sales drove revenue growth in Asia, Latin America and EMEA as we leveraged our leading positions in international markets. We continued to progress on our previously announced strategic transactions with Chariot Re, Talcott Financial Group and PineBridge Investments to accelerate our growth in asset management and capitalize on our retirement platform. And we diligently managed expenses while returning capital to shareholders. Looking ahead, we’re confident in the resiliency and all-weather nature of our New Frontier strategy and our ability to deliver on our commitments. • Net income was $698 million . • Adjusted earnings declined to $1.4 billion , due to less favorable underwriting and lower investment margins, partially offset by volume growth and favorable expense margins. • Premiums, fees and other revenues (PFOs) were $12.7 billion . • Adjusted PFOs excluding pension risk transfers (PRT) rose 5% to $12.4 billion , due to growth in all segments except MetLife Holdings. • Net investment income rose 9% to $5.7 billion . • Variable investment income fell to $195 million , primarily driven by lower private equity returns. • Book value per share (BVPS) rose 7% to $35.79 . Adjusted BVPS up 6% to $56.23 . • Returned approximately $900 million to shareholders via share repurchases and common stock dividends. • Holding company cash and liquid assets totaled $5.2 billion at quarter end. • Group Benefits adjusted PFOs rose 4%, driven by growth in core and voluntary products. • Retirement and Income Solutions total liability exposures grew 6%, including 5% in general account liabilities. • Asia sales increased 9% on a constant currency basis, driven by Japan and Korea. • Latin America adjusted earnings rose 3% and 15% on a constant currency basis. • EMEA adjusted earnings rose 30% , reflecting strong volume growth across the region. • Institutional client assets under management grew to more than $200 billion at MetLife Investment Management. Earnings Per Share 2Q 2025 Net Income $1.03 Adjusted Earnings $2.02 Return on Equity (ROE) 2Q 2025 ROE 11.7% Adjusted ROE 14.6% Page 2 of 23 Second Quarter Summary ($ in millions, except per share data) Three Months Ended June 30, Change Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,748 $ 13,547 (6)% Net investment income 5,661 5,205 9% Net investment gains (losses) (273) (421) Net derivative gains (losses) (796) (508) Total revenues $ 17,340 $ 17,823 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,719 $ 13,523 (6)% Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers (PRT) $ 12,391 $ 11,771 5% Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) $ $ Net income (loss) $ $ (23)% Net income (loss) per share $ 1.03 $ 1.28 (20)% Adjusted earnings $ 1,362 $ 1,628 (16)% Adjusted earnings per share $ 2.02 $ 2.28 (11)% Adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items $ 1,362 $ 1,628 (16)% Adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items per share $ 2.02 $ 2.28 (11)% Book value per share $ 35.79 $ 33.30 7% Adjusted book value per share $ 56.23 $ 53.12 6% Expense ratio 19.8% 17.9% Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT 11.7% 11.9% Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT 19.8% 20.6% ROE 11.7% 15.2% Adjusted ROE 14.6% 17.3% Adjusted ROE, excluding total notable items 14.6% 17.3% Information regarding the non-GAAP and other financial measures included in this news release and reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP measures are in “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures” below and in the tables that accompany this news release. In this news release, all comparisons of results for the second quarter of 2025 are with the second quarter of 2024, unless otherwise noted. Supplemental slides for the second quarter of , titled “ 2Q25 Supplemental Slides” are available on the MetLife Investor Relations website at https://investor.metlife.com and in the Form 8-K furnished by MetLife to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this earnings release. Supplemental information about MetLife's diversified global investment portfolio is contained in the " 2Q25 - General Account Assets Under Management Fact Sheet," available on the above-mentioned website. Page 3 of 23 Total Company Discussion MetLife reported second quarter premiums, fees and other revenues of $12.7 billion , down 6 percent . Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers, were $12.4 billion , up 5 percent . Net investment income was $5.7 billion , up 9 percent , primarily due to increases in the estimated fair value of certain securities that do not qualify as separate accounts under GAAP. Adjusted net investment income was $5.2 billion , up 1 percent , primarily due to asset growth. Net investment losses were $ 273 million , or $216 million after tax, reflecting normal trading activity and a stable credit market. Net derivative losses amounted to $ 796 million , or $ 629 million after tax, driven by stronger equity markets and higher long-term interest rates. Net income decreased 23 percent to $698 million . Higher net derivative losses and lower adjusted earnings were the primary drivers. On a per-share basis, net income decreased percent to $1.03 . Adjusted earnings were $1.4 billion , down 16 percent on a reported basis, and down 15 percent on a constant currency basis. On a per-share basis, adjusted earnings were $2.02 , down percent . Adjusted Earnings by Segment Summary Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Segment Change from prior-year period (on a reported basis) Change from prior-year period (on a constant currency basis) Group Benefits (25)% Retirement and Income Solutions (RIS) (10)% Asia (22)% (22)% Latin America 3% 15% Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 30% 30% MetLife Holdings (6)% Page 4 of 23 Business Discussions GROUP BENEFITS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Adjusted earnings $400 $533 (25)% Adjusted PFOs $6,446 $6,210 4% • Adjusted earnings were $400 million , down 25 percent , primarily due to less favorable underwriting across life and non-medical health products . • Adjusted PFOs were $6.4 billion , up 4 percent , driven by growth in core and voluntary products . • Sales were up 9 percent year-to-date, led by regional business growth and strong reenrollment across products. RIS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Adjusted earnings $368 $410 (10)% Adjusted PFOs $1,355 $2,582 (48)% Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT $1,027 $830 24% • Adjusted earnings were $368 million , down 10 percent , largely due to less favorable recurring interest margins. • Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT, were $1.0 billion , up 24 percent , mainly driven by UK longevity reinsurance. • Total liability exposure grew 6 percent across most products, including 5 percent in general account liabilities. ASIA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $350 $449 (22)% (22)% Adjusted PFOs $1,699 $1,668 2% (1)% Asia general account assets under management (at amortized cost) $139,158 $126,997 10% 6% • Adjusted earnings were $350 million , down 22 percent on a reported and constant currency basis, driven by less favorable investment and underwriting margins, partially offset by volume growth. • Adjusted PFOs were $1.7 billion , up 2 percent on a reported basis, and down 1 percent on a constant currency basis. • Asia general account assets under management (at amortized cost) were $139.2 billion , up 6 percent on a constant currency basis. • Sales were $693 million, up 9 percent on a constant currency basis, driven by Japan and Korea. Page 5 of 23 LATIN AMERICA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $233 $226 3% 15% Adjusted PFOs $1,634 $1,506 8% 18% • Adjusted earnings were $233 million , up 3 percent on a reported basis, and up 15 percent on a constant currency basis, reflecting volume growth across the region and favorable Chilean encaje returns. • Adjusted PFOs were $1.6 billion , up 8 percent on a reported basis, and up 18 percent on a co nstant currency basis, due to strong sales growth and solid persistency across the region. • Sales were $381 million , up 4 percent on a constant currency basis, driven by growth across the regio n . EMEA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $100 $77 30% 30% Adjusted PFOs $719 $621 16% 14% • Adjusted earnings were $100 million , up 30 percent on a reported and constant currency basis, primarily due to strong volume growth across the region. • Adjusted PFOs were $719 million , up 16 percent on a reported basis and up 14 percent on a constant currency basis. • Sales were $309 million , up 13 percent on a constant currency basis, reflecting strength across the region . METLIFE HOLDINGS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Adjusted earnings $144 $153 (6)% Adjusted PFOs $740 $823 (10)% • Adjusted earnings were $144 million , down 6 percent , reflecting lower variable investment income and the continued run-off of the business, partially offset by favorable underwriting. • Adjusted PFOs were $740 million , down 10 percent . CORPORATE & OTHER ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Adjusted earnings $(233) $(220) • Adjusted loss of $233 million , compared to an adjusted loss of $220 million . Page 6 of 23 INVESTMENTS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Change Adjusted net investment income $5,202 $5,160 1% • Adjusted net investment income was $5.2 billion , up 1 percent , primarily due to asset growth. Variable investment income decreased 35 percent to $195 million , primarily driven by lower private equity returns. SECOND QUARTER 2025 NOTABLE ITEMS ($ in millions) Adjusted Earnings Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 Notable Items Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate & Other Total Total notable items $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 Contacts: For Media: Jane Slusark (347) 989-5477, Jane.Slusark@metlife.com For Investors: John Hall (212) 578-7888, John.A.Hall@metlife.com About MetLife MetLife, Inc. (NYSE: MET), through its subsidiaries and affiliates (“MetLife”), is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help individual and institutional customers build a more confident future. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 markets globally and holds leading positions in the United States, Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East. For more information, visit www.metlife.com. Conference Call MetLife will hold its second quarter earnings conference call and audio webcast on Thursday, August 7, 2025, from 9-10 a.m. (ET). The conference call will be available live via the internet. To listen to the conference call, click the following link to register (https:// events.q4inc.com/attendee/683094308). The conference call will be available for replay via telephone and the internet beginning at 11:00 a.m. (ET) on Thursday, August 7, 2025, until Thursday, August 14, 2025, at 11:59 p.m. (ET). To listen to a replay of the conference call via telephone, dial 800-770-2030 (U.S.) or 647-362-9199 (outside the U.S.). The Conference ID for the replay is 82058 followed by the # key. To access the replay of the conference call via the internet, visit the MetLife Investor Relations webpage ( https://investor.metlife.com ). ### Page 7 of 23 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures Any references in this news release (except in this section and the tables that accompany this release) to: should be read as, respectively: (i) net income (loss); (i) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (ii) net income (loss) per share; (ii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (iii) adjusted earnings; (iii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; (iv) adjusted earnings per share; (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; (v) book value per share; (v) book value per common share; (vi) adjusted book value per share; (vi) adjusted book value per common share; (vii) return on equity; and (vii) return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity; and (viii) adjusted return on equity. (viii) adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity. In this news release, MetLife presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). MetLife believes that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance our investors’ understanding of MetLife’s performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment. The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) total adjusted revenues; (i) total revenues; (ii) total adjusted expenses; (ii) total expenses; (iii) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues; (iii) premiums, fees and other revenues; (iv) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT; (iv) premiums, fees and other revenues; (v) adjusted net investment income; (v) net investment income; (vi) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; (vi) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (vii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; (vii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (viii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; (viii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (ix) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share; (ix) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (x) adjusted return on equity; (x) return on equity; Page 8 of 23 (xi) adjusted return on equity, excluding total notable items; (xi) return on equity; (xii) investment portfolio gains (losses); (xii) net investment gains (losses); (xiii) derivative gains (losses); (xiii) net derivative gains (losses); (xiv) adjusted capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC); (xiv) capitalization of DAC; (xv) total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity; (xv) total MetLife, Inc.’s stockholders’ equity; (xvi) total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items; (xvi) total MetLife, Inc.’s stockholders’ equity; (xvii) adjusted book value per common share; (xvii) book value per common share; (xviii) adjusted other expenses; (xviii) other expenses; (xix) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC; (xix) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC; (xx) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses; (xx) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC; (xxi) adjusted expense ratio; (xxi) expense ratio; (xxii) adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT; (xxii) expense ratio; (xxiii) direct expenses; (xxiii) other expenses; (xxiv) direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses; (xxiv) other expenses; (xxv) direct expense ratio; (xxv) expense ratio; (xxvi) direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT; (xxvi) expense ratio; (xxvii) future policy benefits at original discount rate; and (xxvii) future policy benefits at balance sheet discount rate; and (xxviii) free cash flow of all holding companies. (xxviii) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income. Any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the current period and applied to the comparable prior period (“constant currency basis”). Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this earnings news release and in this period’s quarterly financial supplement, which is available at MetLife’s Investor Relations webpage (https://investor.metlife.com). MetLife’s definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this news release may differ from those used by other companies: Page 9 of 23 Adjusted earnings and related measures • adjusted earnings; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items per diluted common share; and • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis per diluted common share. Adjusted earnings is used by MetLife’s chief operating decision maker, its chief executive officer, to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is MetLife’s GAAP measure of segment performance. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management’s and many other employees’ performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of MetLife’s performance relative to its business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. Adjusted earnings, along with the related adjusted revenues, adjusted expenses and adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, focus on our primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of (i) market volatility which could distort trends, (ii) asymmetrical and non-economic accounting, (iii) revenues and costs related to divested businesses, and (iv) other adjustments. Also, adjusted earnings and related measures exclude results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Market volatility can have a significant impact on MetLife’s financial results. Adjusted earnings excludes net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) and goodwill impairments. Further, net investment income is adjusted to exclude similar items relating to joint ventures accounted for under the equity method ("Joint venture adjustments"), and policyholder benefits and claims exclude (i) changes in the discount rate on certain annuitization guarantees accounted for as additional liabilities and (ii) market value adjustments. Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Net investment income includes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment ("Investment hedge adjustments"). • Other revenues include settlements of foreign currency earnings hedges and exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance . • Policyholder benefits and claims excludes (i) amortization of basis adjustments associated with dedesignated fair value hedges of future policy benefits, (ii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments, (iii) asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance, and (iv) non-economic losses incurred at contract inception for certain single premium annuity business. These losses are amortized into adjusted earnings within policyholder benefits and claims over the estimated lives of the contracts. • Policyholder liability remeasurement gains (losses) excludes asymmetrical accounting associated Page 10 of 23 with in-force reinsurance. • Interest credited to policyholder account balances excludes amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass-through adjustments and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance . "Divested businesses" are those that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under GAAP. Divested businesses also include the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under GAAP and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Other adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances exclude certain amounts related to contractholder-directed equity securities ("Unit-linked contract income" and "Unit-linked contract costs") . • Other expenses exclude (i) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements and other costs, and (ii) acquisition, integration and other related costs. Other expenses include (i) deductions for net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and (ii) benefits accrued on synthetic guaranteed interest contracts ("GICs") accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Net investment income and other expenses also exclude Reinsurance adjustments (as defined below). • Other revenues include fee revenue on synthetic GICs accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Other revenues exclude and other expenses include fees received in connection with services provided under transition service agreements. • "Reinsurance adjustments" relate to amounts subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the third-party reinsurers and (ii) the corresponding invested assets and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under GAAP business combination accounting guidance. The tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above are calculated net of the U.S. or foreign statutory tax rate, which could differ from MetLife's effective tax rate. Additionally, the provision for income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms. In addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders. Investment portfolio gains (losses) and derivative gains (losses) These are measures of investment and hedging activity. Investment portfolio gains (losses) principally excludes amounts that are reported within net investment gains (losses) but do not relate to the performance of the investment portfolio, such as gains (losses) on sales and divestitures of businesses, as well as investment portfolio gains (losses) of divested businesses. Derivative gains (losses) principally excludes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives, where such derivatives are either hedges of investments or are used to replicate certain investments, and where such derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. This earned income and amortization of premium is reported within adjusted earnings and not within derivative gains (losses). Page 11 of 23 Return on equity and related measures • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of accumulated other comprehensive income (" AOCI") and the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, all net of income tax. • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of AOCI, the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives and total notable items, all net of income tax. • Return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items. The above measures represent a level of equity that excludes most components of AOCI, such as unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, and future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), as well as the impact of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, as these amounts are primarily driven by market volatility. Expense ratio, direct expense ratio, adjusted expense ratio and related measures • Expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues. • Direct expense ratio: adjusted direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. Direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third-party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses. • Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT: adjusted direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. • Adjusted expense ratio: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. • Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. Asia general account (GA) assets under management (GA AUM) and related measures Asia GA AUM is used by MetLife to describe assets in its Asia GA investment portfolio. Asia GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of Asia GA total investments, the portion of the Asia GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third-party reinsurers, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans, Page 12 of 23 net of mortgage loans originated for third parties ("net mortgage loans") (including commercial ("net commercial mortgage loans"), agricultural ("net agricultural mortgage loans") and residential mortgage loans) and real estate equity (including real estate and real estate joint ventures) included in Asia GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. At the segment level, intersegment balances (intercompany activity, primarily related to investments in subsidiaries, that eliminate at the MetLife consolidated level) are excluded from Asia GA AUM. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) excludes the following adjustments: (i) unrealized gain (loss) on investments carried at estimated fair value and (ii) adjustments from carrying value to estimated fair value on net mortgage loans (including net commercial mortgage loans, net agricultural mortgage loans and residential mortgage loans) and real estate and real estate joint ventures. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) is presented net of related allowance for credit loss. Statistical sales information • Group Benefits: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring premium policy sales of all products. •

RIS: calculated using 10% of single premium contracts, on and off-balance sheet deposits, and the contract value for new UK longevity reinsurance contracts, and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees only from recurring premium policy sales of specialized benefit resources and corporate-owned life insurance. • Asia, Latin America and EMEA: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits (mainly from retirement products such as variable annuity, fixed annuity and pensions), 20% of single premium deposits from credit insurance and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurringpremium policy sales of all products (mainly from risk and protection products such as individual life, accident & health and group). Sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of MetLife’s performance: • Volume growth, where cited, represents the change in certain measures of our segment results, including adjusted earnings, attributable to business growth, applying a model in which certain margins and factors are held constant, the most significant of which are underwriting margins, investment margins, changes in equity market performance, expense margins and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. • PRT includes UK funded reinsurance. • Holding company cash and liquid assets are held by MetLife, Inc. collectively with other MetLife holding companies and include cash and cash equivalents, short term investments and publicly traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. • MetLife uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. MetLife defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at MetLife’s holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. This measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. Free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP. The free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings Page 13 of 23 available to common shareholders. • Notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect MetLife’s results, but that were unknown and that MetLife could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. Notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of MetLife’s results and to evaluate and forecast those results. Notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. • We refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. The observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. This includes the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results. Forward-Looking Statements This news release may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events and do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words and terms such as “anticipate,” "are confident," “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “should,” "target," “will,” “would,” and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms. They include statements relating to strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. By their nature, forward-looking statements: speak only as of the date they are made; are not statements of historical fact or guarantees of future performance; and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Many factors determine the results of MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates, and they involve unpredictable risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements depend on our assumptions, our expectations, and our understanding of the economic environment, but they may be inaccurate and may change. MetLife, Inc. does not guarantee any future performance. Our results could differ materially from those MetLife, Inc. expresses or implies in forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors identified in MetLife, Inc.’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and others, may cause such differences. These factors include: (1) economic condition difficulties, including risks relating to interest rates, the effects of announced or future tariff increases on the global economy, credit spreads, declining equity or debt markets, real estate, obligors and counterparties, government default, currency exchange rates, derivatives, climate change, public health and terrorism and security; (2) global capital and credit market adversity; (3) credit facility inaccessibility; (4) financial strength or credit ratings downgrades; (5) unavailability, unaffordability, or inadequate reinsurance, including reinsurance risks that arise from reinsurers' credit risk, and the potential shortfall or failure of risk mitigants to protect against such risks; (6) statutory life insurance reserve financing costs or limited market capacity; (7) legal, regulatory, and supervisory and enforcement policy changes; (8) changes in tax rates, tax laws or interpretations; (9) litigation and regulatory investigations; Page 14 of 23 (10) unsuccessful efforts to meet all environmental, social, and governance standards or to enhance our sustainability; (11) MetLife, Inc.’s inability to pay dividends and repurchase common stock; (12) MetLife, Inc.’s subsidiaries’ inability to pay dividends to MetLife, Inc.; (13) investment defaults, downgrades, or volatility; (14) investment sales or lending difficulties; (15) collateral or derivative-related payments; (16) investment valuations, allowances, or impairments changes; (17) claims or other results that differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models; (18) global political, legal, or operational risks; (19) business competition; (20) technological changes; (21) catastrophes; (22) climate changes or responses to it; (23) deficiencies in our closed block; (24) goodwill or other asset impairment, or deferred income tax asset allowance; (25) impairment of VOBA, value of distribution agreements acquired or value of customer relationships acquired; (26) product guarantee volatility, costs, and counterparty risks; (27) risk management failures; (28) insufficient protection from operational risks; (29) failure to protect confidentiality, integrity or availability of systems or data or other cybersecurity or disaster recovery failures; (30) accounting standards changes; (31) excessive risk-taking; (32) marketing and distribution difficulties; (33) pension and other postretirement benefit assumption changes; (34) inability to protect our intellectual property or avoid infringement claims; (35) acquisition, integration, growth, disposition, or reorganization difficulties; (36) Brighthouse Financial, Inc. separation risks; (37) MetLife, Inc.’s Board of Directors influence over the outcome of stockholder votes through the voting provisions of the MetLife Policyholder Trust; and (38) legal- and corporate governance-related effects on business combinations. MetLife, Inc. does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement if MetLife, Inc. later becomes aware that such statement is not likely to be achieved. Please consult any further disclosures MetLife, Inc. makes on related subjects in subsequent reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Page 15 of 23 MetLife, Inc. GAAP Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (In millions) For the Three Months Ended June 30, Revenues Premiums $ 10,810 $ 11,628 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,259 1,281 Net investment income 5,661 5,205 Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) (273) (421) Net derivative gains (losses) (796) (508) Total revenues 17,340 17,823 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims 10,767 11,485 Policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses (10) Market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses (277) (182) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 2,400 2,000 Policyholder dividends Amortization of DAC, VOBA and negative VOBA Interest expense on debt Other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC 2,522 2,430 Total expenses 16,360 16,621 Income (loss) before provision for income tax 1,202 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to MetLife, Inc. Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ $ See footnotes on last page. Page 16 of 23 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share data) For the Three Months Ended June 30, Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted (1) Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted (1) Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ $ 1.03 $ $ 1.28 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (273) (0.40) (421) (0.59) Net derivative gains (losses) (796) (1.18) (508) (0.71) Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) 0.41 0.25 Premiums — — — Universal life and investment-type product policy fees — — — — Net investment income 0.68 0.06 Other revenues 0.04 0.03 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 0.06 (73) (0.10) Policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses — — — — Interest credited to policyholder account balances (516) (0.77) (219) (0.30) Capitalization of DAC — — — — Amortization of DAC, VOBA and negative VOBA — — — — Interest expense on debt — — — — Other expenses (73) (0.11) (9) (0.01) Goodwill impairment — — — — Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 0.29 0.38 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 0.01 0.01 Preferred stock redemption premium — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 1,362 2.02 1,628 2.28 Less: Total notable items — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,628 $ 2.28 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,605 $ 2.25 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,605 $ 2.25 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 675.0 714.7 See footnotes on last page. Page 17 of 23 MetLife, Inc. (In millions) For the Three Months Ended June 30, Premiums, Fees and Other Revenues Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,748 $ 13,547 Less: Adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues: Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting Other adjustments (16) (11) Divested businesses — Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,719 $ 13,523 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 12,719 $ 13,467 Less: PRT 1,752 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT, on a constant currency basis $ 12,391 $ 11,715 Net Investment Income Net investment income $ 5,661 $ 5,205 Less: Adjustments to net investment income Investment hedge adjustments (102) (172) Joint venture adjustments (2) Unit-linked contract income and Reinsurance adjustments Divested businesses — — Adjusted net investment income $ 5,202 $ 5,160 Revenues and Expenses Total revenues $ 17,340 $ 17,823 Less: Adjustments to total revenues: Net investment gains (losses) (273) (421) Net derivative gains (losses) (796) (508) Investment hedge adjustments (102) (172) Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting Joint venture adjustments (2) Unit-linked contract income and Reinsurance adjustments Other adjustments, excluding Unit-linked contract income and Reinsurance adjustments (16) (11) Divested businesses — Total adjusted revenues $ 17,921 $ 18,683 Total expenses $ 16,360 $ 16,621 Less: Adjustments to total expenses: Market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses (277) (182) Goodwill impairment — — Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting Market volatility (40) (88) Unit-linked contract costs and Reinsurance adjustments Other adjustments, excluding Unit-linked contract costs and Reinsurance adjustments Divested businesses Total adjusted expenses $ 16,088 $ 16,502 See footnotes on last page. Page 18 of 23 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share and ratio data) For the Three Months Ended June 30, Expense Detail and Ratios Reconciliation of Capitalization of DAC to Adjusted Capitalization of DAC Capitalization of DAC $ (787) $ (683) Less: Divested businesses — — Adjusted capitalization of DAC $ (787) $ (683) Reconciliation of Other Expenses to Adjusted Other Expenses Other expenses $ 3,309 $ 3,113 Less: Reinsurance adjustments — Less: Other adjustments, excluding Reinsurance adjustments Less: Divested businesses Adjusted other expenses $ 3,236 $ 3,104 Other Detail and Ratios Other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC $ 2,522 $ 2,430 Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,748 $ 13,547 Expense ratio 19.8 % 17.9 % Direct expenses $ 1,445 $ 1,397 Less: Total notable items related to direct expenses — — Direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses $ 1,445 $ 1,397 Adjusted other expenses $ 3,236 $ 3,104 Adjusted capitalization of DAC (787) (683) Adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC 2,449 2,421 Less: Total notable items related to adjusted other expenses — — Adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses $ 2,449 $ 2,421 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 12,719 $ 13,523 Less: PRT 1,752 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 12,391 $ 11,771 Direct expense ratio 11.4 % 10.3 % Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT 11.7 % 11.9 % Adjusted expense ratio 19.3 % 17.9 % Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT 19.8 % 20.6 % See footnotes on last page. Page 19 of 23 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share data) June 30, Equity Details Total MetLife, Inc.'s stockholders' equity $ 27,685 $ 27,252 Less: Preferred stock 3,818 3,818 MetLife, Inc.'s common stockholders' equity 23,867 23,434 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (16,484) (19,187) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (1,466) Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gain (losses), net of income tax 5,876 6,606 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (64) (73) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (1,407) (1,396) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax (83) — Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity 37,495 37,385 Less: Accumulated year-to-date total notable items, net of income tax — — Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,495 $ 37,385 June 30, Book Value (2) Book value per common share 35.79 33.30 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (24.72) (27.26) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (2.20) 0.14 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gain (losses), net of income tax 8.81 9.38 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (0.10) (0.10) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (2.11) (1.98) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax (0.12) — Adjusted book value per common share $ 56.23 $ 53.12 Common shares outstanding, end of period (3) 666.8 703.8 For the Three Months Ended June 30, (4) Return on Equity Return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Common stockholders' equity 11.7 % 15.2 % Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Adjusted common stockholders' equity 14.6 % 17.3 % Adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items 14.6 % 17.3 % For the Three Months Ended June 30, Average Common Stockholders' Equity Average common stockholders' equity $ 23,771 $ 24,076 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity $ 37,267 $ 37,704 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,267 $ 37,704 See footnotes on last page. Page 20 of 23 MetLife, Inc. Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders (In millions) For the Three Months Ended June 30, Group Benefits (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 6,446 $ 6,210 Retirement & Income Solutions (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,355 $ 2,582 Less: PRT 1,752 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 1,027 $ Asia: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,699 $ 1,668 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,699 $ 1,722 Latin America: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,634 $ 1,506 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,634 $ 1,386 See footnotes on last page. Page 21 of 23 MetLife, Inc. Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders (Continued) (In millions) For the Three Months Ended June 30,

EMEA: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ $ MetLife Holdings (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ $ Corporate & Other (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ (233) $ (220) Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ (233) $ (220) Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ $ See footnotes on last page. Page 22 of 23 MetLife, Inc. For the Three Months Ended June 30, 2025 June 30, 2025 Variable Investment Income (post-tax, $ in millions) (6) Assets ($ in billions) Group Benefits $ $ 0.2 RIS 5.6 Asia 8.0 Latin America 0.3 EMEA — — MetLife Holdings 3.3 Corporate & Other (5) 1.4 Total $ $ 18.8 See footnotes on last page. Page 23 of 23 MetLife, Inc. June 30, 2025 Cash & Capital (7),(8), (in billions) Holding Companies Cash & Liquid Assets $ 5.2 Footnotes (1) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share. (2) Book values exclude $3,818 million of equity related to preferred stock at both June 30, 2025 and 2024. (3) There were share repurchases of $510 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025. Year to date, there were share repurchases of approximately $2.1 billion, including approximately $140 million of share repurchases in July 2025. Common stock dividends totaling $382 million were paid for the three months ended June 30, 2025. (4) Annualized using quarter-to-date results. (5) Results on a constant currency basis are not included as constant currency impact is not significant. (6) Assumes a 21% tax rate. (7) The total U.S. statutory adjusted capital, on a National Association of Insurance Commissioners basis, is expected to be approximately $17.1 billion at June 30, 2025, down 3% from $17.6 billion at March 31, 2025. This balance includes MetLife, Inc.'s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company. (8) The expected Japan solvency margin ratio as of June 30, 2025 is approximately 710%.

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the MetLife Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Before we get started, I refer you to the cautionary note about forward- looking statements in yesterday’s earnings release and to risk factors discussed in MetLife’s SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to John Hall, Global Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. John Arthur Hall: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation today on MetLife’s Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I direct you to the information on non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of metlife.com, in our earnings release and in our quarterly financial supplement, which you should review. On the call this morning are Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John McCallion, Chief Financial Officer and Head of MetLife Investment Management. Also available to participate in the discussion are other members of senior management. Last night, we released a set of supplemental slides, which address the quarter. They are available on our website. John McCallion will speak to those supplemental slides in his prepared remarks. An appendix to the slides features additional disclosures, GAAP reconciliations and other information, which you should also review. After prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session, which will end at the top of the hour. As a reminder, please limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up. With that, over to Michel. Michel Abbas Khalaf: Thank you, John, and welcome, everyone, to this morning’s call. During the second quarter, we continued to navigate an evolving and dynamic economic environment, while executing against our New Frontier growth strategy. We demonstrated all weather performance and clear momentum across business segments posting strong sales in many markets, executing strategic transactions maintaining a laser focus on managing expenses and returning capital to shareholders. Although the second quarter does not demonstrate the full earnings power of MetLife, we’re confident in our ability to deliver on the commitments of our New Frontier strategy. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the underlying momentum across our businesses as we head into the back half of the year. Turning to the results. We reported adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion or $2.02 per share for the second quarter. This reflects less favorable underwriting, albeit within normal fluctuations and less favorable investment margins versus a year ago. Variable investment income, which we report on a 1 quarter lag, was in line with our June disclosure. Our private equity portfolio generated a positive 0.9% return in contrast to a negative 4.6% return for the comparable time frame for the S&P 500. We anticipate a better result in the third quarter and will continue with our advanced disclosure protocol. Among key performance metrics aligned to our New Frontier commitments, we generated a quarterly adjusted return on equity of 14.6%, well above our cost of capital and very near our mid-teen target range while also absorbing below par variable investment income. We continue to focus on what we can control, actively managing our expenses while still investing for growth and achieving a quarterly direct expense ratio of 11.7%, beating our annual target of 12.1%, and we generated strong free cash flow, enabling us to return roughly $900 million to shareholders in the form of common dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. Moving to business segment highlights. Group Benefits adjusted earnings of $400 million were down from a record quarter in the prior year, largely due to less favorable life and non-medical health underwriting in the quarter. Although group life underwriting was less favorable than a year ago, we outperformed relative to our 2025 outlook range, which we expect to continue for this year. For non-medical health, while still within a normal range, we saw some elevated experience in several products, which we do not expect to continue in the balance of the year. We also saw a small number of large disability claims during the quarter that can occur from time to time, which we do not believe to be a trend. Year-to-date, Group Benefit sales are up 9%, driven by growth in regional business. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues grew 4% from a year ago. We continue to find new ways to grow and capitalize on market trends, including investing in tools that simplify and enable the benefits experience while creating a distribution advantage. We signed an additional strategic partnership with Workday in June to reach more employers and better serve their employees with our benefits experience platform applies. In fact, 2/3 of employees surveyed have shared that Upwise makes the process of choosing benefits easier, leading to greater participation and voluntary products. In our Retirement and Income Solutions, or RIS, segment, we reported adjusted earnings of $368 million, mainly due to lower recurring interest margins. Total liability exposures were up 6% from a year ago, and above our 2025 outlook range of 3% to 5%. This was driven by outstanding growth in U.K. longevity reinsurance and a strong contribution from general account products. Another product line within RIS is our funding agreement back note or FABN business as a pioneer in this stack of spread lending, our ability to originate this business is well established. We originate at a favorable cost of funding due to the quality of our balance sheet and the breadth and liquidity of our market presence. We match our low-cost origination with our top flight asset and liability management. We do all this while minimizing funding and maturity risks, satisfying 2 principal tenets of our New Frontier strategy, attractive returns with lower risk. Shifting to Asia, adjusted earnings were $350 million on less favorable investment and underwriting margins. Business momentum was particularly strong as sales rose 9% on a constant currency basis, propelled by our 2 largest markets in the region. On a constant currency basis, sales jumped 29% and 36% in Japan and Korea, respectively, following successful new product launches. Strong sales growth also translated into growth in general account assets under management, which rose 6% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Tied to this momentum, I recently visited Japan and Korea where I had the opportunity to witness firsthand the team’s energy and focus on achieving our New Frontier commitments. For Latin America, adjusted earnings totaled $233 million matching the segment’s all-time quarterly high results. Adjusted earnings were up 3% and 15% on a constant currency basis from the same period a year ago. Contributors included volume growth across the region, a consistent theme for Latin America, along with favorable Chilean encaje returns in the quarter. Rounding out our international markets, EMEA posted near-record adjusted earnings of $100 million up 30% on both a reported and constant currency basis, primarily due to volume and sales growth across the region. In addition to driving organic growth across our portfolio of businesses, we are adding value through strategic transactions, including 3 we’ve announced since December, the acquisition of PineBridge Investments, the formation of Chariot Re and the risk transfer deal with Talcott Financial Group. We are excited about the growth prospects for our expanded investment management platform with PineBridge. The acquisition has been well received by both firms clients, and we’re on track to close in the second half of this year. On July 1, we successfully launched Chariot Re alongside our cosponsor, General Atlantic, with an initial $10 billion reinsurance deal and more to come. Our strategic partnership with Chariot Re will support growth in our diversified retirement platform and generate institutional client assets under management for MetLife Investment Management. And our variable annuity risk transfer deal with Talcott is moving forward, and we’re on schedule for our second half close. This transaction will positively reduce MetLife’s enterprise risk associated with the capital markets. These 3 initiatives showcased New Frontier and action. They are closely linked and illustrate how we are already delivering on our New Frontier priorities. Significantly, they place us at the conversions of insurance and asset management and position us to leverage the full power of MetLife. Turning to capital and cash. MetLife was active with capital management in the second quarter. We paid roughly $400 million of common stock dividends to shareholders and repurchased approximately $500 million of our common stock. In July, we repurchased around $140 million of our common stock which brings our total year-to-date to over $2 billion. Since 2021, we’ve repurchased nearly $16 billion of our shares. We’ve done so consistently and evenly over that time frame, reducing our share count by more than 240 million shares. At the same time, we continue to invest for growth, funding acquisitions like PineBridge, which is in addition to the capital will return to shareholders in 2025. At the end of the quarter, we had $5.2 billion of cash and liquid assets at our holding companies which is above the high end of our $3 billion to $4 billion target buffer range. We have prefunded second half preferred stock redemptions and debt maturities totaling $1.5 billion, which are included in our second quarter cash balance. In closing, this quarter showed how MetLife’s diversified portfolio of market-leading businesses can deliver across economic cycles while providing a strong foundation for future financial outperformance. Our focus is unchanged. Generating responsible growth and attractive returns with lower risk for our shareholders as well as value for our customers as we execute on the strategic priorities outlined by our New Frontier strategy. Now I’ll turn it over to John to cover our performance in greater detail. John Dennis McCallion: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I’ll refer to the 2Q ’25 supplemental slides, which covers highlights of our financial performance, and an update on our liquidity and capital position. Starting on Page 3, we provide a comparison of net income to adjusted earnings in the second quarter. Net derivative losses driven by stronger equity markets and an increase in long-term interest rates were the primary drivers of the variance between net income and adjusted earnings in the quarter. In addition, net investment losses reflect normal trading activity on the portfolio and a stable credit environment. On Page 4, you can see the second quarter year-over-year comparison of adjusted earnings by segment and Corporate and Other. Adjusted earnings were $1.4 billion, down 16% and down 15% on a constant currency basis. The primary drivers were less favorable underwriting and lower investment margins. These were partially offset by volume growth and favorable expense margins year-over- year. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.02, down 11% and down 10% on a constant currency basis. Moving to the businesses. Group Benefits adjusted earnings were $400 million, down 25% from the record quarter in the prior year. The key driver was less favorable underwriting margins across life and non-medical health products compared to Q2 of ’24. The Group Life mortality ratio was 83% for the quarter, which is below the bottom end of our 2025 target range of 84% to 89% but less favorable than the record low mortality ratio of 79.1% in the prior year. The non-medical health interest-adjusted benefit ratio was 74.8%, modestly above our annual target range of 69% to 74% and less favorable to the prior year quarter of 70.8%, which also benefited from a positive disability reserve adjustment of approximately $30 million after tax. While individual product experiences were elevated, they generally fell within a normal quarterly fluctuation. However, collectively, they had a larger impact this quarter. Looking ahead to Q3, we expect the Group Life mortality ratio to continue its positive trend and be at or slightly below the bottom end of its annual target range. For the nonmedical health interest adjusted benefit ratio, we expect the Q3 ratio show an approximate 200 basis point improvement from Q2 levels. Turning to the top line, Group Benefits adjusted PFOs were up 4% and driven by growth in core and voluntary products, while sales were up 9% year-to-date, led by growth in regional business and strong re-enrollment across products. RIS adjusted earnings were $368 million, down 10% year-over-year. The primary driver was less favorable recurring interest margins compared to Q2 of ’24, which benefited from income from interest rate caps that have since matured. RIS investment spreads were 102 basis points, down 12 basis points sequentially due to lower variable investment income. RIS spreads, excluding VII, were flat sequentially at 101 basis points. RIS continues to achieve strong business momentum. While adjusted PFOs declined year-over-year due to strong U.S. pension risk transfer sales in Q2 of ’24. Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRTs were up 24%, primarily driven by continued robust growth in U.K. longevity reinsurance. In addition, total liability exposures grew 6% versus the prior year period, including 5% in our spread earning general account liabilities. Moving to Asia. Adjusted earnings were $350 million, down 22% on both a reported and constant currency basis. The primary drivers were less favorable investment in underwriting margins. Higher volume growth was a partial offset. Asia’s key growth metrics remain healthy. General account assets under management at amortized costs were up 6% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, and sales were up 9% on a constant currency basis. Japan sales were up 29% on a constant currency basis with growth across all product categories, but mainly in life and annuities following product launches and enhancements in the first quarter. Other Asia sales were also strong, but year-over-year growth was dampened by a large group case sale in Australia in Q2 of ’24. In Korea, sales were up 36% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Driven by the launch of a new single premium foreign currency annuity product in the first quarter and from continued momentum in face-to-face channels. Latin America adjusted earnings were $233 million, up 3% and up 15% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to volume growth across the region. In addition, a favorable Chilean encaje return of approximately 5% contributed to LatAm’s strong performance. Latin America’s top line continues to perform well. adjusted PFOs were up 8% and up 18% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong growth and solid persistency across the region. EMEA adjusted earnings were $100 million, up 30% on both a reported and constant currency basis, primarily driven by strong volume growth across the region. Given EMEA’s growth in the first half of the year, coupled with improved foreign currency and interest rates, we expect EMEA’s quarterly run rate to continue to run above its 2025 quarterly guidance of $70 million to $75 million for the remainder of the year. EMEA adjusted PFOs were up 16% and up 14% on a constant currency basis, and sales were up 13% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strength across the region. MetLife Holdings adjusted earnings were $144 million, down 6%, reflecting lower variable investment income as well as the continued runoff of the business. Favorable underwriting was a partial offset. Corporate and other adjusted loss was $233 million versus an adjusted loss of $220 million in the prior year period. Lower variable investment income was partially offset by favorable expense margins year-over-year. The company’s effective tax rate on adjusted earnings in the quarter was approximately 24%, which is at the bottom end of our 2025 guidance range of 24% to 26%. On Page 5, this chart reflects our pretax variable investment income for the past 5 quarters, including the second quarter of 2025, which was $195 million. Private equity returns were 0.9% and our real estate and other funds yielded an average return of roughly 1% in the quarter. As a reminder, PE and real estate and other funds are reported on a 1 quarter lag and accounted for on a mark-to-market basis. While VII and 2Q ’25 was below its quarterly guidance of $425 million, it was within the range of $175 million to $225 million that we disclosed in a Form 8-K at the end of June. Given the continued difficulty in forecasting VII, we plan to once again disclose preliminary information regarding our Q3 expectations for VII toward the end of September. On Page 6, we provide VII post-tax by segment and Corporate and Other for the past 5 quarters. As a reminder, each business has its own discrete portfolio aligned and matched with its liabilities. Asia, RIS and MetLife Holdings continue to hold the larger proportion of VII assets, given their long-dated liability profiles. Of the total VII asset balances of nearly $19 billion as of June 30, 2025. Asia accounted for more than 40% of the total. While RIS and MetLife Holdings accounted for roughly 30% and 20%, respectively. Moving to expenses on Page 7. This chart shows a comparison of our direct expense ratio for the full year ’24 of 12.1%, Q2 of ’24 of 11.9% and Q2 of ’25 of 11.7%. As we have highlighted previously, we believe our full year direct expense ratio is the best way to measure performance due to fluctuation in quarterly results. That said, our direct expense ratio in the second quarter was well below our full year target of 12.1%. This strong performance provides another proof point of our ongoing expense discipline and the sustained efficiency mindset that is supported by our top line growing responsibly. I will now discuss our cash and capital position on Page 8. Overall, MetLife is well capitalized with more than ample liquidity. Cash and liquid assets at the holding companies were $5.2 billion, as of June 30, which is above our target cash buffer of $3 billion to $4 billion. And we continue to consistently return excess capital to our shareholders. In Q2, our total cash return was approximately $900 million, roughly $500 million in share repurchases and about another $400 million in common stock dividends. Beyond share repurchases and common stock dividends, cash at holding companies reflects the net effects of subsidiary dividends, net debt issuances and holding company expenses and other cash flows. Regarding our statutory capital for our U.S. companies, preliminary second quarter year-to-date 2025 statutory operating earnings were approximately $1.3 billion, while net income was approximately $1 billion. We estimate that our total U.S. Statutory Adjusted Capital on an NAIC basis was approximately $17.1 billion as of June 30, 2025, down 3% from March 31, primarily due to derivative losses and dividends paid, partially offset by operating earnings. Finally, we expect the Japan solvency margin ratio to be approximately 710% as of June 30, which will be based on statutory statements that will be filed in the next few weeks. Let me conclude by saying that MetLife delivered a solid quarter, highlighted by strong momentum and underlying fundamentals across our portfolio of businesses. While our earnings power was not fully evident this quarter given the lower-than-expected variable investment income, we remain confident in delivering all weather performance achieved through a position of strength with a strong balance sheet and recurring free cash flow generation. And as we embark on the New Frontier, our strategic priorities allow us to achieve responsible growth and generate attractive returns with lower risk. And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator for your questions. Q&A Session Follow Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) Follow Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Jefferies. Suneet Laxman L. Kamath: Benefits, as we think about second quarter results across the sector, it seems like performance has been pretty mixed this quarter. So just curious if you’re seeing anything that’s surprising to you in terms of the elevated claims? Or is this just sort of random Volatility? Ramy Tadros: Suneet, it’s Ramy here. I mean I would say we’re not seeing anything that is surprising per se. So let me just give you some context on the nonmedical health ratio specifically for us and what we’re actually seeing. So as we stated, the ratio was pressured this quarter. And as we also stated, we expect improvements in our earnings in the third and further improvements in the fourth quarter. Just to give you a sense of the magnitude of the improvements, we expect to see about a 2-point improvement in this ratio in the third quarter, as John stated, and we expect to see a further 2 points improvement in the fourth quarter. And just to get to your question, the clearest way to really think about the dynamics and what we’re seeing in our own book — for our Dental business, the results are very much running in line with our expectations. We are seeing the continued benefits from our rate actions here. The other thing I would note is that Dental business is returning to its well-established seasonal patterns and with favorability coming through in the second half of the year, and in particular, in the fourth quarter. And we’re starting to see that come through even in July and therefore, expect to see sequential improvements in earnings. In disability incidents and recoveries continue to be very much in line with our expectations. We continue to monitor this very carefully and continue to see both of these metrics be in line with our pricing and expectations. And similar to dental, that also continues to be the case in July. So we don’t see any macro impacts here. Where you’ve seen, if you will, the pressure, and it is a bit of I would say, part of the normal fluctuation in some of the other products in the nonmedical health ratio. So I think accident, hospital, critical illness. When you look at the claims pattern here, we did experience a number of fairly small increases across each of these products, each of which was in line with our normal range that we typically see. What’s different about this quarter is normally our results benefits from diversification across these products called them puts and takes that we see each quarter. What is unusual here is that these products all moved in one direction for us. And again, very different set of products, very different sort of drivers. So nothing macro here that we expect to trend over time, and therefore, we think all of these are going to effectively normalize in the outer quarters. Suneet Laxman L. Kamath: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then I guess on Chariot Re, and sidecars in general, we’ve seen a number of companies announce these things, but we haven’t really seen any major deals with sort of third-party liabilities. So just wondering, I think, Michel, in your prepared remarks, you said more to come. Can you just give us a sense of what your outlook is there maybe over the next couple of quarters? And if anything kind of needs to happen in order to accelerate this growth opportunity. Michel Abbas Khalaf: Suneet, thanks for the question. Yes. I mean as we had mentioned, really sort of Chariot Re, we see it as a vehicle to enable our growth basically, especially sort of as we see growth opportunities beyond our capital generation capabilities. If that were to happen, that’s where we see the partnership with Chariot Re being helpful to us. We — as we said, especially in the sort of early years, the intention is not to sort of look for third-party liabilities for Chariot Re. That will be liabilities that are originated by MetLife. And we continue to see really good sort of opportunities ahead. So as we had said before, we completed the $10 billion transaction with Chariot within the time frame that we had discussed. And we think there will be more to come, but those would be MetLife liabilities basically. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW. Ryan Joel Krueger: Could you give a little bit more color on the strong sales in both Japan and Korea and your thoughts on that if that can continue going forward? Lyndon Oliver: Ryan, it’s Lyndon here. So look, we’re really pleased with the strong sales performance we’ve had in Asia, both when you look at the second quarter as well as when you look at the whole first half of the year. Asia’s year-to-date sales through the first half have increased 10% when you look year-over-year. And when we look at Japan, in the first half, we were up 10% compared to the prior year, and that’s been driven primarily by the foreign currency products. So as I mentioned in the first quarter earnings call, we launched a new single premium FX product in April and this has been really well received by the market. We continue to enhance our single premium annuity product. And we’re starting to see some benefit from the yen strengthening, and this has really been a tailwind for sales. So when you look at all these product actions, combined with our distribution strength, this is really driving strong growth against all our channels when you look at Japan. When you get to the rest of Asia, sales there, when you look at the first half have increased 9% year-over-year and this is driven primarily by Korea as well as China. In Korea, now here, we’re really being able to leverage what we’ve done in Japan. We’ve taken our U.S. dollar-denominated products and taken that expertise and we actually launched products in Korea. And we’re actually seeing a lot of strength in our U.S. dollar products in Korea. And the Korea sales have grown 41% when you look at the first half year-over-year sales. When you look at China, here, the sales growth is driven by the expansion in the bancassurance channel. And we’ve achieved this through getting deeper penetration within our existing bank partners as well as with the addition of some new bank partners. Now when you look at the prior year quarter for the rest of Asia, we actually had a large group pace in Australia in the prior quarter. So if you actually take out that large group case quarterly sales for the rest of Asia were up 25% when you look year-over-year. Now looking ahead through the rest of the year, we kind of expect our — to be at the top end of our guidance range when it comes to overall sales for Asia. So we hope that helps. Ryan Joel Krueger: I appreciate it. And then a quick 1 probably for John. Just on retirement spread, would you expect them to continue to be stable with the first half of the year and the second half of the year? John Dennis McCallion: Ryan, it’s John. Yes, I think as you’re kind of alluding to spreads ex VII, they largely played out as we expected and as we discussed in the first quarter earnings call, as we head into Q3, based on the forward curve, we do expect core spreads to remain stable. Although we do see a few bps of seasonality in Q3. It’s interesting. RIS holds a small portion of wholly owned and joint venture real estate investments. And just kind of the nature of the asset class, which includes some hotels, they tend to have some third quarter seasonality, although in the past, I’m not so sure we saw it as much because there are other things like the caps and things like that, that we’re masking it. So we do see a few points of headwind, but we would revert back to the kind of low 100s come 4Q. While we’re on RIS margins, I would just call out and just kind of referencing the Chariot point. We — [ 7-1 ], we launched Chariot. We reinsured just under $10 billion and so this — as a [ 7-1 ] technically lowers our liability exposures, although we think, given the current pipeline, we expect to be within the 3% to 5% growth rate by the end of the year. But I should point out a couple of things. One, initially, enterprise earnings will have a few pennies of impact until that excess capital is redeployed. Once that’s redeployed, do you think of it as being accretive to earnings. And then within RIS itself, because it’s a mix of RIS, the MIM fees, also our investment in Chariot so that all nets to a few pennies. But within RIS itself, we could think of like another $15 million to $20 million short-term headwind there, considering the loss of earnings from the reinsurance. So just wanted to kind of wrap that in there from an outlook perspective. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Thomas George Gallagher: First, Ramy, just a follow-up on Non-Medical Health. The — so I think the disability pressure you saw this quarter came from high net worth. Unum seemed to see something similar. Have you done any more analysis on what’s going on there? Whether it’s something could be structural, like mental nervous claims, employment related or that’s mainly permanent disability. Just want to get a better sense for — like is that something you’ve even really looked into? And then just remind us how big disability is as a percent of total earned premium versus dental just to size the 2 of them? Ramy Tadros: Sure, Tom. So we definitely did look into it. And we are really talking here about 2 clients, which are specialty clients. These are clients that have been with us for a very long time, and the economics of these have been accretive to us. They’re really related to injuries, which have very high claim amounts and has nothing to do with any of the other macro factors or any of the other potential causes that you’ve mentioned there. So that’s kind of as far as the specific kind of elevation for the quarter. In terms of the PFO ratios, think about give or take, you’ve got about 10 low-digit in terms of the disability premiums as a percentage of the total and dentals, give or take, about a $5 billion premium line for us. Thomas George Gallagher: And sorry, Ramy, the disability you said — is that 10% or below? Ramy Tadros: It’s about — just above 10%. It’s about just above 10% of the total PFOs. Thomas George Gallagher: Got you. Okay. And then my follow-up is just on credit, which I guess, hasn’t really been a focus for a while, but I noticed you did take CECL reserves for I think it was commercial mortgage loans of around $235 million this quarter. Were those office foreclosures, is there an impact? Is there going — was there? Or will there be an impact on statutory risk-based capital as a result of that? John Dennis McCallion: Tom, it’s John. Yes, we did see an uptick in reserves, a little over $200 million in commercial mortgages and we’ve anticipated some charge-offs and some losses would emerge in 2025. We — I think I’ve referenced this before that as you start to get into the ongoing orderly resolution of loans, this typically occurs, and we believe is actually a good sign. It’s usually kind of indicative that there’s some stabilization in getting to the price clearing levels and that’s usually a sign where you’ve kind of hit the trough. And just to your point, so we would expect the resolution of loans to pick up this year, probably peak a little bit this year. But the reality is a lot of this is already in our capital maybe it’s a couple to 5 points of extra impact, but all within the normal levels of our excess capital and would not impact any capital management or dividend activity. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Jamminder Singh Bhullar: So first, I just had a question for Ramy. Along the same lines on nonmedical, your optimism on results getting better in the third quarter. Is it based on just the fact that many of these things move around quarter-to-quarter and this quarter was just bad, especially on the voluntary side? Or is it — or have you seen an improvement already in 3Q, I guess, we’re almost halfway through it? Ramy Tadros: I mean it is both. It’s based on one, the seasonal patterns in dental, which I’ve talked about. So you expect seasonality to kick in, in both of the subsequent quarters for dental. So Q3 will get better. Q4 gets better. So that’s a big driver. The other one is lack of any macro impacts on disability. It’s running right in line with our expectations, incidents and recoveries as I’ve talked about before, inclusive of July. The specialty claims that we had this quarter, we’re really talking about a single-digit number of claims that are high value that had a disproportionate impact. These happen from time to time. We certainly don’t expect them to happen each quarter. So none of these things, I would say, are in the optimistic bucket. They are in well-established trends and based on what we’re — what we’re seeing and into July. I think this notion that those puts and takes across the rest of the portfolio are going to normalize. That’s kind of would be our expectation. And that’s based on the fact, Jimmy, that there is no single driver. I mean these are all different products with different dynamics in them, and we looked at them 1 by 1 and they all happened just to move in the wrong direction for us, and we would just expect that to normalize. So you bake it all in, and as of now, we feel pretty good about the 200 basis points improvement in each of the subsequent quarters. Jamminder Singh Bhullar: Okay. And then I had a question for Lyndon on Asia earnings. So obviously, your sales in Asia were pretty strong. The earnings seemed a little weaker. It’s, I think, the second lowest quarter you’ve had in the past 6 and some of that might have been lower variable investment income, but earnings are lower than other quarters even adjusted for that. So is this more of a normal quarter and representative of the division’s earnings power? Or were earnings depressed for whatever reason? Just trying to get a sense of is this normal? Or were you over-earning in the past? Lyndon Oliver: Jimmy, Lyndon here. So thanks for the question. So Yes, you’re right. Asia earnings were lower year-over-year, and there were a couple of drivers here. First, as you pointed out, lower variable investment income due to the fact we have lower PE returns, and John pointed out right at the beginning that Asia accounts now for over 40% of the VII assets in the company. Next, when you look at the underwriting margin, it was less favorable compared to the prior year. And this is because we’ve got a strengthening yen, which is driving lower surrenders right now. So it’s creating a short-term headwind for earnings, due to the overall lower surrender income. But it does drive higher sales. It does drive higher AUM, and this will kind of support us as we get higher future earnings here. So relative to expectations, earnings were lower due primarily to the variable investment income. But when you look at the outlook, we expect full year underlying earnings to remain strong and in line with guidance. VII performance will continue to be a factor that will impact our overall reported earnings. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael from Autonomous Research. Wesley Collin Carmichael: I actually wanted to follow up on the last question on Japan. Just hoping maybe, Lyndon, can you unpack the surrender activity? How pronounced is that as we’ve seen a bit yen strengthening? And I guess relatedly, how do we think about higher long JGB yields impacting your savings product offering there? Lyndon Oliver: Yes. All right. So Wes, just first on surrenders. So we’ve seen surrenders come down relative to the prior year, but persistency is back in line with our expectation right now. So the underwrite — unfavorable underwriting margin compared to the prior year’s really because we’ve got the strengthening yen, which is driving these lower surrenders. So this is creating a short-term headwind when we look at our overall surrender income. But as I pointed out, it is a good benefit when it comes to sales and AUM growth to get our future earnings. But we are seeing surrenders kind of come back down to our expectations now. Now when it comes to higher yen interest rates for the Japan business, look, when you look at the overall environment in Japan, things are improving. It’s a favorable macroeconomic environment, and we are seeing higher interest rates in the yen. So overall, it’s a positive for our business. And we’ve been anticipating these higher rates and been planning for it. We’ve got a good yen-denominated products. We’ve got ANH. We’ve got variable life segments, and these address needs when you’re looking at protection as well as accumulation and we’re working on adding other product offerings and the product economics now for yen products have really improved with these higher rates. So it gives us a lot of options when it comes to adding to the yen products. When you look at the U.S. denominated products there, it continues to be a differential between U.S. dollar and Japanese yen rates despite the fact that the yen rates are rising. So the FX products will continue to be attractive for our customers. So when you look at the overall product portfolio, you look at the strength of our distribution, you look at our ability to product launches, we’re really in a good position to meet customer demand, whether it comes to yen or dollar FX products there. John Dennis McCallion: I would just add, Wes, just Lyndon’s comments, it’s probably roughly $15 million to $20 million relative to expectation in terms of underwriting and kind of the impact of the lower surrender fees. Wesley Collin Carmichael: That’s helpful. And maybe just switching to a topic, I guess, we haven’t talked about much on these earnings calls. But FABN and Michel, I think you mentioned the program in your prepared remarks, and I think you’re the largest player in the market in terms of at least outstanding programs. But maybe you could touch on the outlook for that business. It looks like the industry is probably going to have its largest issuance here ever for 2025. Ramy Tadros: Wes, it’s Ramy here. I would say, as far as our program, we’ve been — we’ve had a very well-established program. It’s about 10% of our overall general account liabilities. And we consistently issue somewhere between $6 billion to $8 billion a year in the market. And as Michel mentioned, we do benefit from favorable funding costs here in terms of the financial strength of our balance sheet and therefore, earned relatively higher spreads compared to the rest of RIS. I think with respect to the overall growth in issuance, I would say this is a really good thing for us. We welcome new entrants into the market. We think it’s a net positive, as the issuing grows, it also attracts more investors and establish funding agreement back notes as an asset class that has wider appeal. So — and so we’re actually pleased by the growth, overall growth in the market here. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cave Montazeri from Deutsche Bank. Cave Mohaghegh Montazeri: My first question is on the state of the PRT market. So Q2 wasn’t your best quarter for PRT, but I appreciate that’s a lumpy business, especially at the jumbo land. Just love to get some — what are your thoughts, expectations into the second half? And also, how do you think about the attractiveness of the U.S. versus the U.K. PRT market. Ramy Tadros: Thank you. It’s Ramy here. I would say, look, second quarter was a bit lighter. But year-to-date, we wrote $2.2 billion of PRT. So we had a really good first quarter. And I would say those were deals with well-established firms that you would recognize in terms of their prominence. And as we look forward to the second half of the year, we see a number of jumbo cases, which are expected to transact in the third and the fourth quarter. Our approach here is to continue to be disciplined in terms of how we price and how we think about value versus volume. That’s an approach that has served us well, and we expect to earn our fair share of the market going forward. And then the last thing I would say on the U.S. market over the medium term, all the fundamental drivers that we’ve spoken about in terms of funding levels, the desire of plan sponsors to derisk, frozen plans all continue to give us a high sense of expectation that this is a market that’s going to continue to be growing for the foreseeable future. And as you mentioned, it’s always going to be lumpy. In the U.K., we do participate in that market as a reinsurer, not as a primary insurer and we do it in 2 ways. We do it by being — issuing longevity swaps. So think of that as really a fee business. And as we’ve been very successful at that, from a starting start, we’ve got $30 billion of balances. And as we’ve talked about late last year, we’re now also participating in that business on a funded basis. As and when we’re providing, think of a reinsurance on a fully-funded basis. So think of it as U.S. PRT but on a reinsurance basis. And the same dynamics in the U.K. market are playing — in the U.S. market rather are playing in the U.K. market. So well-funded plans, they look to exit, I would say, more limited capacity in terms of insurance capital there and hence, the need for reinsurers like us with strong balance sheet, strong counterparty credit risk protections, and we expect to see nice growth there as well. Cave Mohaghegh Montazeri: My follow-up is on GenAI. Could you give us an update on your implementation of GenAI in your processes, which parts of your business do you think can benefit most from GenAI, not just to improve efficiencies but also to drive growth? Michel Abbas Khalaf: Yes. Cave, it’s Michel. Thank you for the question. Yes, I think we’re sort of really excited about the potential of emerging technologies, broadly speaking, AI in particular. And as we discussed at Investor Day, we view technology as a key enabler of our New Frontier strategy. I would say scale is important and matters here, and our scale has enabled us over a number of years of making important investments in this space. Those investments have been helpful to us from an efficiency perspective as well as in terms of enabling our growth. A few things that I think position us really well in terms of taking advantage of AI and of emerging technologies is one that we’ve been on a multiyear journey to modernize our legacy systems here, also in improving and enhancing the quality and the governance of our data. Also, we’ve been on a multiyear journey to reengineer and in some cases, we imagine a lot of our key processes here. Those are important because for AI and emerging technologies to really be force multipliers, you have to inject them into contemporary processes and a sort of a modern infrastructure and systems. And I would say also the continued evolution of our culture here is important because we’ve been promoting a culture of experimentation of challenging the status quo at all levels of the organization. So all these things taken together, along with a mindset that views AI as a disruptor to many industries, including our own in a positive sense, have led us to be early adopters, and we’ve implemented a number of not only experiments, I would say, a lot of these are now in full production mode, both on the — from a productivity and efficiency perspective as well as in terms of the customer experience and enabling growth as well. And we’re seeing really good results and traction here. I think we’re still in the early days of what this technology is really going to deliver for us. But we certainly feel really good about how we’re positioned, including sort of the partnerships that we’ve established. Some are well-established partnerships with key players in the space, but also a lot of partnerships with more specialized players that provide us with plug-and-play type solutions as well. The areas where we are seeing a big impact, I would say, already are in the programming space, application development, if you like, call centers, claims as well, but many others, and it’s a good balance between productivity and efficiency as well as growth-oriented initiatives. I hope this helps. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse Beth Greenspan: My first question, just on Holdings, we’ve seen some recent deals on transacted within the long-term care space. Just wanted to get some updated thoughts on whether Met would potentially consider transacting with its block? And then are there other blocks that you’re kind of looking to dispose within Holdings? Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Elyse. It’s Ramy here. I would say with respect to LTC, we are clearly seeing the same activity that you’re seeing and the fact that you’re seeing more activity tells you there’s more of a convergence, if you will, between cedents and reinsurers which is encouraging. I would say, as you know, these are complex transactions to execute, and we continue to be looking at them and an active dialogue in terms of price discovery as well as structured discovery, but these are complex. They take time. And our objective is always going to be the same. We want to maximize shareholder value and continue to serve our customers. And so for us, price as well as structure matters. In the interim, when we look through our book, it’s well capitalized, well reserved. It continues to perform in line with our expectations. We have a really successful rate action program that’s allowing us to obtain the necessary premium increases as well in the marketplace. So kind of — that’s kind of where we stand today. And with respect to other Holdings transactions, we are expecting to close the Talcott transaction in the second half of the year, and we’re going to be continuing to explore other risk transfer opportunities there going forward. Elyse Beth Greenspan: And then my second question, just in regards to recent health insurer adverse performance, some companies have said that if it’s an incidence versus severity issues could start to see impacts to supplemental health businesses. Is this something we’re beginning to see here with your business? Ramy Tadros: These are really distinct patents here. So we’re not in the major medical business. There is no real trend impact on us. All the claims that we have in our voluntary suite of products are fixed dollar claims and then with respect to kind of the incidents, I would say what we’ve seen is very much in line with normal deviations that we would see fluctuations that we would see in any given quarter. And if I was to give you just a bit more color on that, the 1 that you may have heard in the medical space is cancer and our critical illness product is actually running in line with expectations. So we’re not even seeing any adverse incidents there. So I wouldn’t try to extrapolate from what’s going on in the medical world, into the voluntary world from what we can see in our book at the moment. Operator: Our question comes from the line of Joel Hurwitz from Dowling. Joel Robert Hurwitz: Ramy, one more for you on Group You had really strong sales in the quarter, and you guys had highlighted regional business growth. Can you just provide some more color on the growth you’re seeing in that regional market and maybe provide some color on the competitive landscape there? Ramy Tadros: Sure. So look, from a competitive perspective, we operate in a competitive, but I would still say rational market. And therefore, we compete based on a whole set of factors beyond price in terms of our capabilities, employer, employee experience, connectivity into the overall ecosystem relationships with the brokers that are very well established. So we really like the basis of competition in this business, and that’s true up market, and it’s also true in regional markets. I would say from an overall growth perspective, you saw a 9% increase year-to-date from a sales perspective. Regional is a very important contributor of that, in particular, because we had a slower jumbo year this year versus last year. So regional continues to be a significant contributor when you think about our year-to-date sales growth. Joel Robert Hurwitz: Okay. And then just going to LatAm. The top line is running well ahead of your guidance. I guess, just what’s fueling the better-than- expected growth again in ’25? Eric Sacha Stephane Clurfain: Joel, this is Eric. Yes. So as we outlined at Investor Day, LatAm is a growth engine for the enterprise, and we’ve been delivering high single-digit growth in both top and bottom line in the past few years, double digit, if you look at it from a constant rate perspective. And that solid performance so far this year with premiums growing at a healthy double digit as well on a constant currency base. And as we discussed, the business fundamentals of our franchises across the region are very strong, and we’re well positioned to extend our growth trajectory into this year and beyond. Just to give you a little context about our LatAm. We’re the largest life insurance company in the region. We have a strong franchise. We serve close to 30 million customers. We operate in 6 markets, which are the most relevant ones. Mexico, Chile, where we are #1 leaders in Brazil, where we are the fastest growing company there. And we are very well diversified in terms of products as well as distribution channels. We have a network of above 10,000 agents across the region in our face-to-face business. We’re also the leading employee benefits provider to large employers as well as SMEs, offering a wide variety of life and health products. But our fastest-growing channel in the past few years has been our third-party distribution channel, where we distribute products through a variety of over 100 partners such as banks retailers, clinics, utility companies, among others. And in the past few years, we’ve witnessed significant growth through the rapid emergence of these digital ecosystem, whether that be digital banks, digital retailers and a wide variety of e-commerce ecosystems. And to harness this opportunity, we launched Accelerator a couple of years ago. And this is really our regional embedded insurance fully end-to-end digital. And we’ve already integrated 21 partners. We’ve issued about $300 million in PFO since the launch. We’re serving 5 million customers on that platform. So this is growing really fast, and we’re partnering with important players across markets and continue to scale that business to capitalize our competitive advantage. So it’s really long summary about LatAm, but I think it was important to put things in context that this doesn’t come from a specific country growth doesn’t come from a specific line of business, but all lines are contributing to the growth and today and moving forward. Hope this helps. Operator: Unfortunately, we don’t have time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Hall for closing remarks. John Arthur Hall: Great. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to engaging throughout the quarter. Have a great day. Operator: Thank you for joining the call today. You may now disconnect. Follow Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) Follow Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Share Q2 2025NYSE:METMSN NewsEarnings Call Transcript Related Insider Monkey ArticlesNCR Voyix Corporation (NYSE:VYX) Q2 2025 Earnings Call TranscriptTalen Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:TLN) Q2 2025 Earnings Call TranscriptHertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTZ) Q2 2025 Earnings Call TranscriptVistra Corp. (NYSE:VST) Q2 2025 Earnings Call TranscriptCollegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (NASDAQ:COLL) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript...D-Wave Quantum Inc. (NYSE:QBTS) Q2 2025 Earnings Call Transcript Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +599.2% Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +227% Benchmark50% S&P 500 ETF and 50% Russell 2000 ETF 500% 250% 0% Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through June 2, 2026) Subscribe Now 30 day money back guarantee. Cancel anytime. Hedge Fund Resource Center How to Best Use Insider Monkey to Increase Your Returns Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds Billionaire Hedge Funds Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $293,447,417,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $1,491,303,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $5,416,602,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $77,426,184,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $1,886,381,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,521,664,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $22,767,998,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $3,510,256,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $4,198,712,000 Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $6,160,740,000 The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock. Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard. Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences. At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by 2040 there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots, with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000. Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040. Put another way, that’s roughly equal to: 175 Teslas 107 Amazons 140 Metas 84 Googles 65 Microsofts And 55 Nvidias And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy. It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide. Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential. How could anything be worth that much? The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates. And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors. What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution. In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals. Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves. Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change. Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps. Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact. When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to. Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere… But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible. And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans… This prediction might not be bold at all: A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock. The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now. I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report. Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock. For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month, you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal! Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: • Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. • 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. • One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 • Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews • Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. • 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month. (33% Off – was $14.99). 2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Subscribe Now! Cancel anytime. Turn off auto-renewal via our website with just a click. Insider Monkey Ads Buy This $3 Stock Now Before the 400% Surge Begins Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today. Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call. Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying. We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong. We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months. Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025. Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3. While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth. This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return. Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents. This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.! This offer vanishes in 7 days, so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond. Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential. BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99. 2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Get our editor’s daily picks straight in your inbox! RSS Feed Hedge Funds Insider Trading About Us Authors Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQ CCPA - Do Not Sell My Information. ©2026 Koala Guide LLC.

=== EARNINGS PRESENTATION ===

MetLife 2Q24 Investor Presentation MetLife 2Q24 Investor Presentation MetLife 2Q25 Investor Presentation

More than 40 markets served Market-leading, diversified global insurer Growing and established markets around the world MetLife at a Glance1 Diversified by Geography and Business 2024 Adjusted Earnings6,7 1 As of 12/31/2024, unless otherwise noted. 2 As of March 24, 2025. 3 As of 6/30/2025. At estimated fair value. Excludes $15.5 billion of MetLife General Account Assets Under Management that are not managed or advised by MetLife Investment Management and certain of its affiliates. See MetLife’s 2Q 2025 Total Assets Under Management Fact Sheet. 4 As of 8/5/2025. 5 Adjusted ROE, excluding total notable items. 6 As of 12/31/2024. Excludes Corporate & Other adjusted losses of $919 million. 7 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 8 MetLife Holdings is a legacy business. 9 Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA). $624 billion Total Assets Under Management (AUM)3 $50 billion Market capitalization4 15.2% Adjusted Return on Equity (ROE)5 $4.7 billion Capital returned in 2024 $3.2 billion Share repurchases $1.5 billion Common stock dividends 157 years of operation2 ~45,000 employees 60 on the 2025 Fortune 500® list Top established markets: U.S., Japan, Mexico, Chile, Korea Top emerging markets: China, India, Brazil $74.89 Stock price4 Group Benefits 25% Retirement & Income Solutions 23% MetLife Holdings8 10% Asia 25% Latin America 13% EMEA9 4% $6.7

Building presence in growth markets: China and India Generates a combination of spread, fee-based earnings, and underwriting Japan is MetLife’s second largest market Leading foreign insurer in Korea At a glance Diversified set of businesses and product offerings Provides financial products and services to 94 of the top 100 Fortune 500® and over 80% of all Fortune 500® companies Provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities Broad set of market leading businesses: Stable Value, Pension Risk Transfer (PRT), Structured Settlements, Institutional Income Annuities, Risk Solutions2, and Capital Markets Investments Products (CMIP) Diverse set of product offerings: protection, health and savings products to ~19 million customers in 9 markets Diverse set of product offerings: life insurance, retirement, savings, personal accident and health products Serving almost 30 million customers across Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Colombia, and Uruguay #1 life insurer in Mexico4 and Chile5, and fast-growing presence in Brazil6 EMEA is MetLife’s most diverse region, with a presence in 23 markets across 3 different continents EMEA is divided into 4 geographies: Europe, Gulf, Levant, and Turkey Product offerings: Life, Dental, Disability, Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D), Vision, Accident & Health, Legal Plans, Pet Serving more than 55,000 U.S. group customers and 50 million U.S. employees and their dependents Largest non-medical, commercial carrier1 in the U.S. group insurance industry $19.8 billion in policyholder benefits and claims in 2024 #3 multinational insurer in the region3 ~180 bank partners around the region ~57,000 career agents and ~239,000 general agents Well-diversified distribution, positioned to capture growth opportunities Leading provider of Bancassurance & Direct Insurance distribution with ~150 partnerships Strong presence across faceto-face distribution networks: Over 4,000 captive agents Circa 1,400 brokers and 3rd party networks Group Benefits Retirement & Income Solutions Asia Latin America EMEA 1 Based on 2024 annualized premiums. 2 Includes Longevity Reinsurance and Benefit Funding Solutions. 3 Based on gross written premiums (GWP) 2023. 4 AMIS (Asociación Mexicana de Instituciones de Seguros), GWP 2024. 5 AACH (Asociación de Aseguradoras de Chile), GWP 2024. 6 In terms of gross written premium among the top 10 companies operating in Brazil. MetLife internal analysis of publicly available information from Superintendencia de Seguros Privados.

$1.2B 2020-2024 Create ~$1B additional capacity to accelerate growth over 5 years $20.7B 2020-2024 Generate ~$20B of distributable cash2 over 5 years 15.2% FY 2024 Deliver 12–14% Adjusted ROE1 Accretive Returns Strong Free Cash Flow Positive Operating Leverage 1 Excluding total notable items. Next Horizon target of 12-14% communicated at 2019 Investor Day, was updated to 13-15% in 4Q2022 earnings call. 2 Represents free cash flow of all holding companies. Beat all of our Next Horizon commitments

NEW FRONTIER Commitments STRONG GROWTH ATTRACTIVE RETURNS ALL-WEATHER PERFORMANCE 15-17% Adjusted ROE from 12-14%2 -100bps Direct Expense Ratio from 12.3%3 $25B+ Free Cash Flow4 from ~$20B Double-digit Adjusted EPS Growth from 6%1 METLIFE’S SUPERIOR VALUE PROPOSITION Note: All New Frontier 2024-2029 commitments are shown as compared to Next Horizon commitments made at Investor Day 2019, except as otherwise indicated. 1 Not a Next Horizon commitment. Adjusted EPS growth of 6% from 2019 to 2024. 2 Next Horizon target of 12-14% communicated at Investor Day 2019, was updated to 13-15% in 4Q2022 earnings call. 3 Direct expense ratio target communicated at Investor Day 2019 (adjusted for LDTI approximately +30bps), was updated to 12.3% in 4Q2023 earnings call. 4 Represents free cash flow of all holding companies.

Powerful macro trends driving New Frontier opportunities Global demographic shifts …fueling retirement, health & protection needs Democratization of financial services …expanding our addressable market AI reshaping customer expectations …advantaging scaled players investing in technology for growth & efficiency Convergence of asset management & insurance …creating greater opportunity for integrated business models Higher interest rates …increasing the attractiveness of fixed rate products

New Frontier strategic priorities Extend leadership in Group Benefits Capitalize on unique retirement platform Accelerate growth in asset management Expand in high growth international markets Power of SCALE Strategic DIVERSIFICATION Distribution INNOVATION Cutting-edge TECHNOLOGY

Growth, attractive returns, lower risk In highly attractive markets With deep competitive moats Poised to capitalize on strong tailwinds NEW FRONTIER

Financial Overview

Adjusted earnings snapshot Continue to deliver across economic cycles - favorable volume growth and expense margins more than offset by less favorable underwriting and lower investment margins Adjusted Earnings ex. Total Notable Items ($ in millions, except per share data) 2Q25 2Q24 % Change FY24 FY23 % Change Group Benefits $400 $533 (25%) $1,664 $1,628 2% Retirement & Income Solutions (RIS) 368 410 (10%) 1,563 1,647 (5%) Asia 350 449 (22%) 1,662 1,376 21% Latin America 233 226 3% 877 840 4% EMEA 100 77 30% 288 247 17% MetLife Holdings (MLH) 144 153 (6%) 635 731 (13%) Corporate & Other (C&O) (233) (220) (919) (882) Adjusted Earnings ex. Total Notable Items $1,362 $1,628 (16%) $5,770 $5,587 3% Adjusted EPS ex. Total Notable Items $2.02 $2.28 (11%) $8.11 $7.33 11% Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 675.0 714.7 711.1 762.3 Adjusted book value per share $56.23 $53.12 $54.81 $53.75

79.1% 85.6% 83.2% 84.8% 83.0% 85.7% 84.5% 70.8% 72.4% 71.8% 74.1% 74.8% 71.6% 72.2% 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 2023 2024 Group Life Mortality Ratio Non-Medical Health (NMH) Ratio Group Benefits1 Market leader in Employee Benefits with scale advantage and growing faster than the market 1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Based on 2024 annualized premiums. 5 Results are derived from insurance and non-administrative services-only contracts. Full year ratios reflect simple quarterly average. 6 Excludes certain experience-rated contracts and includes accidental death and dismemberment. 7 Reflects actual claims experience and excludes the impact of interest credited on future policyholder benefits. The product within Group Non-Medical Health with interest credited on future policyholder benefits is disability. Primarily includes dental, group and individual disability, accident & health, critical illness and vision. 8 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 9 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other. Overview3 Key Highlights8 • Contributed 25% of total company adjusted earnings in 20249 • Group life mortality ratio5,6 83.0% – less favorable underwriting vs. a record low mortality ratio of 79.1% in 2Q24 and below the bottom end of the annual target range of 84%-89% • Non-medical health ratio5,7 74.8% modestly above the annual target range of 69%-74% vs. 70.8% in 2Q24 • Adjusted PFOs up 4%, driven by growth in core and voluntary products • Sales up 9% year-to-date, led by growth in regional business and strong re-enrollment across products Underwriting Ratios5 ($ in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $400 $533 (25%) $1,664 $1,628 2% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs) $6,446 $6,210 4% $24,870 $23,929 4% Provides financial products and services to 94 of the top 100 Fortune 500® and ​ over 80% of all Fortune 500® companies Serving more than 55,000 U.S. group customers and 50 million U.S. employees and their dependents Largest non-medical, commercial carrier4 in the U.S. group insurance industry $19.8 billion in policyholder benefits and claims in 2024 Product offerings: Life, Dental, Disability, Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D), Vision, Accident & Health, Legal Plans, Pet

Pension Risk Transfer (PRT) 17% Structured Settlements 9% Institutional Income Annuities 2% Stable Value 25% Benefit Funding Solutions 12% Longevity Reinsurance 10% Capital Markets Investment Products 21% Other6 4% Liability Exposures by Product Retirement & Income Solutions (RIS)1 Diversified set of market leading businesses 1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT. 4 Includes Longevity Reinsurance and Benefit Funding Solutions. 5 Annualized general account spreads. 6 Other includes the legacy pensions business. 7 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 8 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other. Investment Spreads5 Overview Key Highlights7 • Contributed 23% of total company adjusted earnings in 20248 • Adjusted earnings2 down 10% – less favorable recurring interest margins compared to 2Q24 • Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT up 24%, primarily driven by continued growth in UK Longevity Reinsurance • Total liability exposures of $297 billion, as of 6/30/25, up 6% $ (in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $368 $410 (10%) $1,563 $1,647 (5%) Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs)3 $1,027 $830 24% $3,745 $3,508 7% Provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities Generates a combination of spread, fee-based earnings, and underwriting Broad set of market leading businesses: Stable Value, Pension Risk Transfer (PRT), Structured Settlements, Institutional Income Annuities, Risk Solutions4, and Capital Markets Investments Products (CMIP) 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 FY23 FY24 Investment spreads 1.21% 1.06% 1.12% 1.14% 1.02% 1.25% 1.17% Investment spreads ex. VII 1.19% 1.08% 1.08% 1.01% 1.01% 1.38% 1.15% $297 Annuities Risk Solutions

$354 $456 $1,643 $1,352 $279 $237 $796 $965 2Q24 2Q25 2023 2024 Japan Other Asia • Contributed 25% of total company adjusted earnings in 20248 • Adjusted earnings2 down 22% on both a reported and on a constant currency basis primarily due to less favorable investment and underwriting margins, partially offset by volume growth • General account AUM6 up 6% - strong sales and moderation in surrender activity • Sales5 up 9% - driven mostly by Japan sales, which were up 29%, with growth across all products, mainly in life and annuities, as well as strong sales in Other Asia, driven by Korea sales up 36% Japan is MetLife’s second largest market Leading foreign insurer in Korea Diverse set of product offerings: protection, health and savings products to ~19 million customers in 9 markets Asia1 Achieving disciplined growth through a diversified and differentiated business model – A market leader in Japan, well-positioned to win across both mature and growth markets 1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Based on gross written premiums (GWP), 2023. 5 Sales on an annualized new premiums (ANP) basis. Quarter-to-date sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the current period average foreign exchange rate, and the full year sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the average foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 6 General account AUM at amortized cost, on a constant currency basis. 7 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 8 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other. Sales5 ($ in millions) General Account AUM6 ($ in millions) Overview3 Key Highlights7 $633 $693 $2,439 $2,317 ($ in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $350 $449 (22%) $1,662 $1,376 21% #3 multinational insurer in the region4 ~180 bank partners around the region ~57,000 career agents and ~239,000 general agentsBuilding presence in growth markets: China and India 9% (5%) 6% YoY 131,264 134,192 134,197 136,683 139,158 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25

Mexico 50% Chile 28% Brazil 18% Colombia & Uruguay 4% $1.5 billion 2024 Sales Mix8 • Contributed 13% of total company adjusted earnings in 202410 • Record adjusted earnings3 of $877 million in 2024 • Adjusted earnings3 up 3% and 15% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to volume growth across the region as well as favorable Chilean encaje returns • Adjusted PFOs up 8% and 18% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong growth and solid persistency across the region Agency 38% Employee Benefits 30% Third-Party Distribution 32% $1.5 billion Latin America1 #1 life insurer2 in the region – Competitive positioning, strength of franchise and innovative digital capabilities accelerating growth Overview4 Key Highlights9 Diverse set of product offerings: life insurance, retirement, savings, personal accident and health products Serving almost 30 million customers across Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Colombia, and Uruguay #1 life insurer in Mexico5 and Chile6, and fast-growing presence in Brazil7 Well-diversified distribution, positioned to capture growth opportunities 2024 Sales Distribution Mix8 $ (in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings3 $233 $226 3% $877 $840 4% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs) $1,634 $1,506 8% $5,936 $5,727 4% 1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Latinoinsurance, Based on GWP 2024. Includes Life, Personal accidents and Health as reported to local Insurance regulators. 3 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 4 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 5 AMIS (Asociación Mexicana de Instituciones de Seguros), based on GWP 2024. 6 AACH (Asociación de Aseguradoras de Chile), based on GWP 2024. 7 In terms of gross written premium among the top 10 companies operating in Brazil. MetLife internal analysis of publicly available information from Superintendência de Seguros Privados. 8 Sales on an annualized new premiums (ANP) basis. Full year sales are using the foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 9 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 10 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other.

$273 $849 $309 $1,070 Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA)1 Geographically diverse set of market-segmented protection businesses focused on cash generation 1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Sales on an annualized new premiums (ANP) basis. Quarter-to-date sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the current period average foreign exchange rate, and the full year sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the average foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 5 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 6 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other. Overview3 Key Highlights5 • Contributed 4% of total company adjusted earnings in 20246 • Adjusted earnings2 up 30% on both a reported and on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by strong volume growth across the region • Adjusted PFOs up 16% and 14% on a constant currency basis • Sales4 up 13% on a constant currency basis, reflecting strength across the region ($ in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $100 $77 30% $288 $247 17% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues $719 $621 16% $2,548 $2,346 9% EMEA is MetLife’s most diverse region, with a presence in 23 markets across 3 different continents EMEA is divided into 4 geographies: Europe, Gulf, Levant, and Turkey Leading provider of Bancassurance & Direct Insurance distribution with ~150 partnerships Strong presence across faceto-face distribution networks: Over 4,000 captive agents Circa 1,400 brokers and 3rd party networks Sales4 ($ in millions) 2Q24 2Q25 2023 2024 13% 26%

1 As of 6/30/2025, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 As of 2Q25, and all comparisons presented are to 2Q24, unless otherwise noted. 4 Full year 2024 results contribution. Excludes total notable items and Corporate & Other. • C&O adjusted loss of ($233) versus an adjusted loss of ($220) in 2Q24 MetLife Holdings (MLH)1 High quality legacy block; cash generation supports EPS accretion Overview Key Highlights3 • Contributed 10% of total company adjusted earnings in 20244 • Adjusted earnings2 down 6%, reflecting lower VII as well as continued run-off of the business, partially offset by favorable underwriting Corporate & Other (C&O)1 Key Highlights3Overview ($ in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 % change FY24 FY23 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $144 $153 (6%) $635 $731 (13%) ($ in millions) 2Q25 2Q24 FY24 FY23 Adjusted Earnings2 ($233) ($220) ($919) ($882) MetLife Holdings represents MetLife’s U.S. Retail legacy run-off business MLH includes the following products: ‒ Variable, Universal, Term, and Whole Life insurance ‒ Variable, Fixed, and Index-linked annuities ‒ Long-term care insurance (LTC) Also included in C&O are various start-up, developing, and run-off businesses Corporate & Other includes various expenses such as corporate overhead, interest expense, and pension costs, as well as MetLife Investment Management (MIM)

Scale across asset classes and client types Multi-decade outperformance The power of MetLife brings unique advantages MetLife Investment Management on path to $1T AUM $624B Total AUM1 $201B Institutional Client AUM1 Top player across fixed income and private capital 1As of 6/30/2025. At estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 2Q 2025 Total Assets Under Management Fact Sheet for further information.

Disciplined investment strategy supports a narrower range of outcomes Diversified, high quality portfolio Disciplined asset liability management for resiliency across market cycles Highly diversified portfolio supported by deep expertise Diversification and expertise enhance relative value General Account AUM1 32.3% 18.1%16.2% 9.6% 7.4% 6.2% 4.0% 3.6% 1.9% 0.7% Investment Grade Corporate Net Mortgage Loans² Structured Products Foreign Government U.S. Government and Agency Cash and Short-Term Investments³ Corporate Equity Real Estate Equity Below Investment Grade Corporate Accrued Investment Income $439B 1 As of 6/30/2025, at estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 2Q 2025 General Account Assets Under Management Fact Sheet for furthe r information. 2 Net mortgage loans excludes $6.6 billion of mortgage loans originated for third parties at estimated fair value. 3 Cash and Short-Term Investments includes cash equivalents.

Internal Rate of Return 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 15% 17% 17% 17% 19% Capital Deployed ($B) $3.8 $3.2 $2.8 $3.7 $3.6 VNB1 ($B) $1.8 $1.9 $1.9 $2.3 $2.6 Payback (years) 7 6 6 6 5 Deploying capital at attractive IRR and shorter payback periods 1 VNB is the present value of future profits net of the cost of capital and time value of guarantees from new sales.

Consistent capital return across environments Common Stock Dividend Share Repurchases 1.2 4.3 3.3 3.1 3.21.6 1.7 1.6 1.6 1.5 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Payout Ratio 48% 78% 86% 84% 81% 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 $2.8 $6.0 $4.9 $4.7 $4.7 Capital returned to shareholders, $B 1 Paused shareholder buybacks for Q2 and Q3 in 2020; Acquired Versant Health for $1.7 billion.

$4.4 $4.5 $5.1 $4.5 $5.2 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 Strong capital, liquidity and ratings Our robust balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to weather storms and take advantage of market opportunities Holding Company Cash1 • Total cash return to shareholders of $892 million in 2Q25 ̶ Share repurchases of $510 million in 2Q25, year-to-date of ~$2.1 billion, including ~$140 million in July 2025 ̶ Common stock dividends of $382 million in 2Q25 • Expected total U.S. Statutory Adjusted Capital2 on an NAIC3 basis of $17.1 billion at 6/30/25, down 3% from $17.6 billion at 3/31/25 • Expected Japan Solvency Margin Ratio of 710% at 6/30/25 Capital Ratings4 1 Includes cash and liquid assets at MetLife, Inc. and other holding companies at quarter-end. 2 Includes MetLife, Inc.'s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company for both periods. 3 National Association of Insurance Commissioners. 4 As of 7/1/2025. 5 Ratings for Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company. 6 Ratings for MetLife, Inc. senior unsecured notes. Moody’s Aa3 A3 Stable Financial Strength5 Debt Rating6 Outlook S&P Global Ratings AA- A- Stable Stable Stable AaAAA+ Fitch Ratings AM Best Rating Agency $3.0 to $4.0 Cash Buffer ($ in billions)

Living our purpose Sustainability1 at MetLife 1 For more information on sustainability at MetLife, refer to the sustainability website at www.MetLife.com/sustainability. 2 World’s Best Workplaces list (2024). 3 Great Place to Work (2024). 4 Average relationship Net Promoter Score gain across priority markets from 2019 to the fourth quarter 2024. 5 Represents benefits to policyholders including claim- and reserve-related activity from 2020 to 2024. 6 Total giving from January 2020 through the third quarter 2024. 7 Teneo analysis for S&P 500 TSR for January 1, 2020 to December 5, 2024. 8 TSR from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2024. 9 Dividends on common stock from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2024. Highlights from our 2024 Sustainability Report: 82% — 2024 Favorability for Engagement on MyVoice (all-time high); +7 points since #13 on Fortune World’s 25 Best Workplaces 22 markets recognized with Great Place to Work® certification3 Energizing Our People Named to America's Most JUST Companies List 2024 —Top 100 by JUST Capital 500,000+ volunteer hours completed from 2020 to 2024 $170M+ MetLife Foundation grants over 5 years6 Supporting Our Communities Outpaced ~2/3 of the companies in the S&P 5007 Generated ~90% 5-year total shareholder return (TSR)8 Paid cumulative common shareholder dividends of ~$8B9 Delivering For Our Shareholders 77% — 2024 Favorability for Customer Focus Score on MyVoice; +12% since 2019 +23 points on relationship Net Promoter Score: Strengthening customer relationships and loyalty4 $220B+ in benefits delivered to policyholders over 5 years5 Caring For Our Customers

MetLife’s executive leadership team An experienced, diverse, and engaged set of insurance and financial services leaders Michel Khalaf President & Chief Executive Officer Over 35 years in the industry John McCallion Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Head of MetLife Investment Management Over 25 years in the industry Eric Clurfain Regional President, Latin America Over 25 years in the industry Marlene Debel Executive Vice President Chief Risk Officer Head of MetLife Insurance Investments Over 30 years in the industry Nuria Garcia Regional President, EMEA Over 25 years in the industry Michael Roberts Executive Vice President Chief Marketing Officer Over 25 years in the industry Lyndon Oliver Regional President, Asia Over 35 years in the industry Bill Pappas Executive Vice President Head of Global Technology and Operations Over 30 years in the industry Ramy Tadros Regional President, U.S. Business Head of MetLife Holdings Over 20 years in the industry Monica Curtis Executive Vice President Chief Legal Officer Over 15 years in the industry Shurawl Sibblies Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer Over 25 years in the industry For more information about MetLife’s executive leadership team refer to the Corporate Governance section of MetLife’s website: https://www.metlife.com/about-us/corporate-governance/our-executive-leadership-team/

Appendix

Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements The forward-looking statements in this presentation, using words such as “anticipate,” “are confident,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms, are based on assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, including the “Risk Factors” MetLife, Inc. describes in its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings. MetLife’s future results could differ, and it does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any of these statements.

Explanatory Note on Non-GAAP and Other Financial Information Any references in this presentation (except in this Explanatory Note on Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliations) to: Should be read as, respectively: (i) net income (loss); (i) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (ii) net income (loss) per share; (ii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (iii) adjusted earnings; (iii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; (iv) adjusted earnings per share; (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; (v) book value per share; (v) book value per common share; (vi) adjusted book value per share; (vi) adjusted book value per common share; (vii) return on equity; and (vii) return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity; and (viii) adjusted return on equity. (viii) adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity. In this presentation, MetLife presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). MetLife believes that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance our investors' understanding of MetLife’s performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment. The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues; (i) premiums, fees and other revenues; (ii) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT; (ii) premiums, fees and other revenues; (iii) adjusted capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC); (iii) capitalization of DAC; (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; (iv) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (v) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; (v) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders; (vi) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; (vi) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (vii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share; (vii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share; (viii) adjusted return on equity; (viii) return on equity; (ix) adjusted return on equity, excluding total notable items; (ix) return on equity; (x) adjusted other expenses; (x) other expenses; (xi) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC; (xi) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC; (xii) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses; (xii) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC; (xiii) adjusted expense ratio; (xiii) expense ratio; (xiv) adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT; (xiv) expense ratio; (xv) direct expenses; (xv) other expenses; (xvi) direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses; (xvi) other expenses; (xvii) direct expense ratio; (xvii) expense ratio; (xviii) direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT; and (xviii) expense ratio; and (xviiii) free cash flows of all holding companies. (xviiii) MeLife, Inc. (parent company) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities.

Financial Information (Continued) Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income. Any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the current period and applied to the comparable prior period (“constant currency basis”). Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this presentation and in this period’s earnings news release, which is available at MetLife’s Investor Relations webpage (https://investor.metlife.com). MetLife’s definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this presentation may differ from those used by other companies: Adjusted earnings and related measures • adjusted earnings; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items per diluted common share; and • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis. Adjusted earnings is used by MetLife's chief operating decision maker, its chief executive officer, to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is MetLife’s GAAP measure of segment performance. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management’s and many other employees’ performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of MetLife's performance relative to its business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. Adjusted earnings, along with the related adjusted revenues, adjusted expenses and adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, focus on our primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of (i) market volatility which could distort trends, (ii) asymmetrical and non-economic accounting, (iii) revenues and costs related to divested businesses, and (iv) other adjustments. Also, adjusted earnings and related measures exclude results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Market volatility can have a significant impact on MetLife's financial results. Adjusted earnings excludes net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) and goodwill impairments. Further, net investment income is adjusted to exclude similar items relating to joint ventures accounted for under the equity method ("Joint venture adjustments"), and policyholder benefits and claims exclude (i) changes in the discount rate on certain annuitization guarantees accounted for as additional liabilities and (ii) market value adjustments.

Financial Information (Continued) Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Net investment income includes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment ("Investment hedge adjustments"). • Other revenues include settlements of foreign currency earnings hedges and exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Policyholder benefits and claims excludes (i) amortization of basis adjustments associated with de-designated fair value hedges of future policy benefits, (ii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflationindexed investments, (iii) asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance, and (iv) non-economic losses incurred at contract inception for certain single premium annuity business. These losses are amortized into adjusted earnings within policyholder benefits and claims over the estimated lives of the contracts. • Policyholder liability remeasurement gains (losses) excludes asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Interest credited to policyholder account balances excludes amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass-through adjustments and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. “Divested businesses” are those that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under GAAP. Divested businesses also include the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under GAAP and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Other adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances exclude certain amounts related to contractholder-directed equity securities ("Unit-linked contract income" and "Unit-linked contract costs"). • Other expenses exclude (i) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements and other costs, and (ii) acquisition, integration and other related costs. Other expenses include (i) deductions for net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and (ii) benefits accrued on synthetic guaranteed interest contracts ("GICs") accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Net investment income and other expenses also exclude Reinsurance adjustments (as defined below). • Other revenues include fee revenue on synthetic GICs accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Other revenues exclude and other expenses include fees received in connection with services provided under transition service agreements. • "Reinsurance adjustments" relate to amounts subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third-parties, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the third-party reinsurers and (ii) the corresponding invested assets and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under GAAP business combination accounting guidance. The tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above are calculated net of the U.S. or foreign statutory tax rate, which could differ from MetLife's effective tax rate. Additionally, the provision for income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms. In addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders. Investment portfolio gains (losses) and derivative gains (losses) These are measures of investment and hedging activity. Investment portfolio gains (losses) principally excludes amounts that are reported within net investment gains (losses) but do not relate to the performance of the investment portfolio, such as gains (losses) on sales and divestitures of businesses, as well as investment portfolio gains (losses) of divested businesses. Derivative gains (losses) principally excludes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives, where such derivatives are either hedges of investments or are used to replicate certain investments, and where such derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. This earned income and amortization of premium is reported within adjusted earnings and not within derivative gains (losses).

Financial Information (Continued) Return on equity and related measures • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") and the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, all net of income tax. • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of AOCI, the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives and total notable items, all net of income tax. • Return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.'s average common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.'s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, divided by MetLife, Inc.'s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items. The above measures represent a level of equity that excludes most components of AOCI, such as unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, and future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), as well as the impact of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, as these amounts are primarily driven by market volatility. Expense ratio, direct expense ratio, adjusted expense ratio and related measures • Expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues. • Direct expense ratio: adjusted direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. Direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third-party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses. • Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT: adjusted direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. • Adjusted expense ratio: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. • Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. General Account (GA) assets under management (GA AUM) GA AUM is used by MetLife to describe assets in its GA investment portfolio. GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of GA total investments, the portion of the GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, contractholder-directed equity securities fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third-party reinsurers, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans, net of mortgage loans originated for third parties (“net mortgage loans”) (including commercial (“net commercial mortgage loans”), agricultural ("net agricultural mortgage loans") and residential mortgage loans) and real estate equity (including real estate and real estate joint ventures) included in GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. Classification of GA AUM by sector is based on the nature and characteristics of the underlying investments which can vary from how they are classified under GAAP. Accordingly, the underlying investments within certain real estate and real estate joint ventures that are primarily net commercial mortgage loans (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been reclassified to exclude them from real estate equity and include them as net commercial mortgage loans. Asia GA AUM and related measures Asia GA AUM is used by MetLife to describe assets in its Asia GA investment portfolio. Asia GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of Asia GA total investments, the portion of the Asia GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third-party reinsurers, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans, net of mortgage loans originated for third parties ("net mortgage loans") (including commercial ("net commercial mortgage loans"), agricultural ("net agricultural mortgage loans") and residential mortgage loans) and real estate equity (including real estate and real estate joint ventures) included in Asia GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. At the segment level, intersegment balances (intercompany activity, primarily related to investments in subsidiaries, that eliminate at the MetLife consolidated level) are excluded from Asia GA AUM. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) excludes the following adjustments: (i) unrealized gain (loss) on investments carried at estimated fair value and (ii) adjustments from carrying value to estimated fair value on net mortgage loans (including net commercial mortgage loans, net agricultural mortgage loans and residential mortgage loans) and real estate and real estate joint ventures. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) is presented net of related allowance for credit loss.

Financial Information (Continued) Statistical sales information: • Group Benefits: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring premium policy sales of all products. • Retirement and Income Solutions: calculated using 10% of single premium contracts, on and off-balance sheet deposits, and the contract value for new UK longevity reinsurance contracts, and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees only from recurring premium policy sales of specialized benefit resources and corporate-owned life insurance. • Asia, Latin America and EMEA: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits (mainly from retirement products such as variable annuity, fixed annuity and pensions), 20% of single premium deposits from credit insurance and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring-premium policy sales of all products (mainly from risk and protection products such as individual life, accident & health and group). Sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of MetLife’s performance: • Volume growth, where cited, represents the change in certain measures of our segment results, including adjusted earnings, attributable to business growth, applying a model in which certain margins and factors are held constant, the most significant of which are underwriting margins, investment margins, changes in equity market performance, expense margins and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. • PRT includes UK funded reinsurance. • Holding company cash and liquid assets are held by MetLife, Inc. collectively with other MetLife holding companies and include cash and cash equivalents, short term investments and publicly traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. • MetLife uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. MetLife defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at MetLife’s holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. This measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. Free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP. The free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. • Notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect MetLife’s results, but that were unknown and that MetLife could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. Notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of MetLife's results and to evaluate and forecast those results. Notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. • We refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. The observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. This includes the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results.

MetLife, Inc.’s Common Shareholders to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders 2Q25 2Q24 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted1 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted1 (In millions, except per share data) Net Income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 698 $ 1.03 $ 912 $ 1.28 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (273) (0.40) (421) (0.59) Less: Net derivative gains (losses) (796) (1.18) (508) (0.71) Less: Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) 277 0.41 182 0.25 Less: Other adjustments to net income (loss) (61) (0.10) (232) (0.32) Less: Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 195 0.29 270 0.38 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 6 0.01 7 0.01 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 1,362 2.02 1,628 2.28 Less: Total notable items — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,628 $ 2.28 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,605 $ 2.25 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a $ 1,362 $ 2.02 $ 1,605 $ 2.25 constant currency basis Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 675.0 714.7 1Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share.

MetLife, Inc.’s Common Shareholders to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders FY24 FY23 FY191 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 (In millions, except per share data) Net Income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 4,226 $ 5.94 $ 1,380 $ 1.81 $ 5,721 $ 6.06 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (1,184) (1.67) (2,824) (3.70) 444 0.47 Less: Net derivative gains (losses) (1,623) (2.28) (2,140) (2.81) 628 0.66 Less: Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) 1,109 1.56 994 1.30 — — Less: Other adjustments to net income (loss) (541) (0.76) (1,185) (1.56) (881) (0.93) Less: Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 687 0.97 1,034 1.36 (227) (0.24) Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 18 0.03 24 0.03 10 0.01 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 5,796 8.15 5,525 7.25 5,767 6.11 Less: Total notable items 26 0.04 (62) (0.08) 47 0.05 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 5,770 $ 8.11 $ 5,587 $ 7.33 $ 5,720 $ 6.06 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 5,770 Less: Corporate & Other adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items (919) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding Corporate & Other and total notable items $ 6,689 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 711.1 762.3 944.4 1Financial results for 2019 are presented on a pre-Long-Duration Targeted Improvements (LDTI) basis. 2Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share.

Common Shareholders, Excluding Total Notable Items 2Q25 Group Benefits1 RIS1 Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings1 Corporate & Other1 (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 400 $ 368 $ 350 $ 233 $ 100 $ 144 $ (233) Less: Total notable items — — — — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 400 $ 368 $ 350 $ 233 $ 100 $ 144 $ (233) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis $ 350 $ 233 $ 100 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 350 $ 233 $ 100 2Q24 Group Benefits1 RIS1 Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings1 Corporate & Other1 (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 533 $ 410 $ 449 $ 226 $ 77 $ 153 $ (220) Less: Total notable items — — — — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 533 $ 410 $ 449 $ 226 $ 77 $ 153 $ (220) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis $ 449 $ 203 $ 77 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 449 $ 203 $ 77 1Results on a constant currency basis are not included as constant currency impact is not significant.

Common Shareholders, Excluding Total Notable Items FY24 Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate & Other (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 1,606 $ 1,667 $ 1,621 $ 881 $ 283 $ 647 $ (909) Less: Total notable items (58) 104 (41) 4 (5) 12 10 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,664 $ 1,563 $ 1,662 $ 877 $ 288 $ 635 $ (919) FY23 Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate & Other (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 1,655 $ 1,708 $ 1,282 $ 840 $ 265 $ 733 $ (958) Less: Total notable items 27 61 (94) — 18 2 (76) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,628 $ 1,647 $ 1,376 $ 840 $ 247 $ 731 $ (882)

Equity Details FY24 FY23 (In millions) Equity Details Total MetLife, Inc.'s stockholders' equity $ 27,445 $ 30,015 Less: Preferred stock 3,818 3,818 MetLife, Inc.'s common stockholders' equity 23,627 26,197 Less: Net unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax (19,402) (14,506) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax 370 183 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gain (losses), net of income tax 6,529 2,658 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (71) 27 Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (1,442) (1,446) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax (129) — Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity 37,772 39,281 Less: Accumulated year-to-date total notable items, net of income tax 26 (62) Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,746 $ 39,343 Average Common Stockholders' Equity Average common stockholders' equity $ 25,008 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity $ 38,084 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 38,076

Book Value and Return on Equity 2Q25 2Q24 FY24 FY23 Book Value1 Book value per common share $ 35.79 $ 33.30 $ 34.28 $ 35.85 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (24.72) (27.26) (28.15) (19.85) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (2.20) 0.14 0.54 0.25 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gain (losses), net of income tax 8.81 9.38 9.46 3.64 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (0.10) (0.10) (0.10) 0.04 Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (2.11) (1.98) (2.09) (1.98) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax (0.12) — (0.19) — Adjusted book value per common share $ 56.23 $ 53.12 $ 54.81 $ 53.75 Common shares outstanding, end of period (in millions) 666.8 703.8 689.2 730.8 Return on Equity Return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Common stockholders' equity 16.9 % Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Adjusted common stockholders' equity 15.2 % Adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items 15.2 % 1Book values exclude $3,818 million of equity related to preferred stock at June 30, 2025, June 30, 2024, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

Adjusted Premiums, Fees and Other Revenues 2Q25 2Q24 FY24 FY23 (In millions) RIS Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,355 $ 2,582 $ 8,594 $ 8,832 Less: PRT 328 1,752 4,849 5,324 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 1,027 $ 830 $ 3,745 $ 3,508 Latin America Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,634 $ 1,506 $ 5,936 $ 5,727 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,634 $ 1,386 EMEA Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 719 $ 621 $ 2,548 $ 2,346 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 719 $ 631

Condensed Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities of MetLife, Inc. to Free Cash Flow of All Holding Companies FY24 FY23 FY22 FY21 FY20 (In billions, except ratios) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities $ 4.7 $ 4.2 $ 4.4 $ 3.8 $ 3.5 Adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: Add: Incremental debt to be at or below target leverage ratios — — 1.0 — 1.4 Add: Adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow1 (0.1) (0.7) (0.2) (0.3) (0.2) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) free cash flow 4.6 3.5 5.2 3.5 4.7 Other MetLife, Inc. holding companies free cash flow2 — 0.1 (0.5) 0.3 (0.7) Free cash flow of all holding companies $ 4.6 $ 3.6 $ 4.7 $ 3.8 $ 4.0 1Adjustments include: (i) capital contributions to subsidiaries; (ii) returns of capital from subsidiaries; (iii) repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net; and (iv) investment portfolio and derivatives changes and other, net. 2Components include: (i) dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries; (ii) capital contributions to subsidiaries; (iii) repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net; (iv) other expenses; (v) dividends and returns of capital to MetLife, Inc. and (vi) investment portfolio and derivative changes and other, net.