=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 ex991earningsreleasetables.htm EX-99.1 EX 99.1 Earnings Release & Tables Q1 26 Page 1 of 25 Exhibit 99.1 For Immediate Release | Global Communications | MetLife, Inc. MetLife Announces 1Q 2026 Results • Net income increased 30% to $1.1 billion , or $1.74 per share. • Adjusted earnings increased 18% to $1.6 billion , driven by higher variable investment income, volume growth and favorable underwriting. • Adjusted earnings per share increased 23% to $2.42 . • Premiums, fees and other revenues (PFOs) increased 5% to $14.3 billion . • Adjusted PFOs, excluding pension risk transfers (PRT), increased 10% to $13.3 billion , with growth in all segments. • Net investment income up 10% to $5.4 billion . • Variable investment income up 58% to $518 million , driven by higher private equity returns. • Book value per share (BVPS) up 8% to $37.92 , adjusted BVPS up 4% to $57.41 . • Returned over $1.1 billion to shareholders via share repurchases and common stock dividends. • Holding company cash and liquid assets totaled $3.9 billion at quarter end, at top of target range. • Group Benefits adjusted earnings up 19% to $439 million primarily due to favorable life underwriting and volume growth. • Retirement and Income Solutions adjusted earnings up 11% to $451 million . • Asia adjusted earnings up 31% to $487 million . • Latin America adjusted earnings up 5% to $229 million . • EMEA adjusted earnings up 33% to $110 million . • MetLife Investment Management adjusted earnings up 68% to $47 million . Earnings Per Share 1Q 2026 Net Income $1.74 Adjusted Earnings $2.42 Return on Equity (ROE) 1Q 2026 ROE 18.2% Adjusted ROE 17.0% Comment from Michel Khalaf, President and Chief Executive Officer: MetLife delivered exceptional performance in the first quarter, with adjusted earnings per share up 23 percent and widespread top-line growth . Our strong start to 2026 reflects how we're accelerating progress in year two of New Frontier, supported by disciplined execution across the enterprise, and deliberate capital deployment that balances investment in our businesses with returning capital to shareholders. We remain confident in delivering against the ambitious financial targets we laid out under New Frontier. By keeping customers at the center, we will continue to drive responsible growth and create long‑term shareholder value that consistently compounds over time. In this news release, all comparisons of results for the first quarter of 2026 are with the first quarter of 2025 , unless otherwise noted. Page 2 of 25 First Quarter Summary ($ in millions, except per share data) Three Months Ended March 31, Change Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,315 $ 13,639 5% Net investment income 5,355 4,885 10% Net investment gains (losses) (670) (387) Net derivative gains (losses) Total revenues $ 19,074 $ 18,569 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,183 $ 13,614 4% Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers (PRT) $ 13,340 $ 12,138 10% Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) $ (120) $ (299) Net income (loss) $ 1,140 $ 30% Net income (loss) per share $ 1.74 $ 1.28 36% Adjusted earnings $ 1,586 $ 1,349 18% Adjusted earnings per share $ 2.42 $ 1.96 23% Adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items $ 1,586 $ 1,349 18% Adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items per share $ 2.42 $ 1.96 23% Book value per share $ 37.92 $ 35.16 8% Adjusted book value per share $ 57.41 $ 55.01 4% Expense ratio 20.7% 18.9% Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT 11.9% 12.0% Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT 20.3% 20.6% ROE 18.2% 14.9% Adjusted ROE 17.0% 14.4% Adjusted ROE, excluding total notable items 17.0% 14.4% Information regarding the non-GAAP and other financial measures included in this news release and reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP measures are in “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures” below and in the tables that accompany this news release. Supplemental slides for the first quarter of , titled “ 1Q26 Earnings Call Presentation,” are available on the MetLife Investor Relations website at https://investor.metlife.com and in the Form 8-K furnished by MetLife to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this earnings release. Supplemental information about MetLife's diversified global investment portfolio is contained in the " 1Q26 - General Account Assets Under Management Fact Sheet," available on the above-mentioned website. Page 3 of 25 Total Company Discussion Premiums, fees and other income were $14.3 billion , up 5 percent compared with the prioryear quarter. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers, were $13.3 billion , up 10 percent . Net investment income was $5.4 billion , up 10 percent , primarily due to higher variable investment income and asset growth. Adjusted net investment income was $5.5 billion , up percent , mainly driven by higher variable investment income. Net investment losses were $ 670 million , or $529 million after tax, reflecting normal trading activity and a stable credit environment. Net derivative gains amounted to $ 74 million , or $ 58 million after tax, driven by higher interest rates. Net income was $1.1 billion reflecting higher adjusted earnings, partially offset by certain investment-related items. On a per-share basis, net income increased 36 percent to $1.74 . Adjusted earnings were $1.6 billion , up 18 percent on a reported basis and 15 percent on a constant currency basis. On a per-share basis, adjusted earnings were $2.42 , up 23 percent . Direct expense ratio , excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT, was 11.9 percent , compared to 12.0 percent in the prior-year quarter. Page 4 of 25 Adjusted Earnings by Segment Summary Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Segment Change from prior-year period (on a reported basis) Change from prior-year period (on a constant currency basis) Group Benefits 19% Retirement and Income Solutions (RIS) 11% Asia 31% 31% Latin America 5% (9)% Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 33% 28% MetLife Investment Management (MIM) 68% Business Discussions GROUP BENEFITS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Adjusted earnings $439 $370 19% Adjusted PFOs $6,539 $6,430 2% • Adjusted earnings were $439 million , up 19 percent , primarily reflecting favorable life underwriting and volume growth. • Adjusted PFOs were $6.5 billion , up 2 percent . Overall growth was partially offset by the impact of participating contracts. PFOs from participating contracts can fluctuate with claims experience. • Sales were up 15 percent, primarily driven by growth across both core and voluntary products. RIS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Adjusted earnings $451 $406 11% Adjusted PFOs $2,390 $2,457 (3)% Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT $1,547 $981 58% • Adjusted earnings were $451 million , up 11 percent , primarily driven by higher variable investment income and favorable underwriting. • Adjusted PFOs were $2.4 billion . • Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT, were $1.5 billion , up 58 percent , reflecting growth across most products, led by U.K. longevity reinsurance, post-retirement benefits and structured settlements. • Total retained liability exposure grew 3 percent , including 1 percent in retained general account liabilities. Page 5 of 25 ASIA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $487 $372 31% 31% Adjusted PFOs $1,738 $1,681 3% 5% Asia general account assets under management (at amortized cost) $140,660 $134,352 5% 7% • Adjusted earnings were $487 million , up 31 percent on both a reported basis and a constant currency basis, driven by higher variable investment income and volume growth. • Adjusted PFOs were $1.7 billion , up 3 percent on a reported basis, and up 5 percent on a constant currency basis. • Asia general account assets under management (at amortized cost) were $140.7 billion , up 7 percent on a constant currency basis. • Sales were $766 million , up 22 percent on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by strong growth in Japan and Korea. LATIN AMERICA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $229 $219 5% (9)% Adjusted PFOs $1,897 $1,513 25% 11% • Adjusted earnings were $229 million , up 5 percent on a reported basis and down 9 percent on a constant currency basis, reflecting unfavorable tax-related items, including the impact of the Mexico value-added tax change, partially offset by volume growth and favorable underwriting. • Adjusted PFOs were $1.9 billion , up 25 percent on a reported basis and up 11 percent on a co nstant currency basis, due to strong growth and solid persistency across the region. • Sales were $521 million , up 20 percent on a constant currency bas is, driven by growth across the region. EMEA ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Constant currency change Adjusted earnings $110 $83 33% 28% Adjusted PFOs $797 $668 19% 15% • Adjusted earnings were $110 million , up 33 percent on a reported basis and 28 percent on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by strong volume growth. • Adjusted PFOs were $797 million , up 19 percent on a reported basis and up 15 percent on a constant currency basis , reflecting strong sales momentum and solid renewal activity across the region . • Sales were $370 million , up 17 percent on a constant currency basis. Page 6 of 25 METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Adjusted earnings $47 $28 68% Other revenues $314 $218 44% Total assets under management $736,291 $603,164 22% • Adjusted earnings were $47 million compared with $28 million , driven by business growth and expense management. • Other revenues were $314 million , up 44 percent reflecting the acquisition of PineBridge Investments. • Total assets under management were $736.3 billion , up 22 percent . CORPORATE & OTHER ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Adjusted earnings $(177) $(129) • Adjusted loss of $177 million , compared to an adjusted loss of $129 million . INVESTMENTS ($ in millions) Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Change Adjusted net investment income $5,499 $5,213 5% • Adjusted net investment income was $5.5 billion , up 5 percent . Variable investment income increased 58 percent to $518 million , primarily driven by higher returns on private equity assets. FIRST QUARTER 2026 NOTABLE ITEMS ($ in millions) Adjusted Earnings Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 Notable Items Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MIM Corporate & Other Total Total notable items $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 $0 Page 7 of 25 Contacts: For Media: Steve LaMarca (646) 884-3840, Steve.LaMarca@metlife.com For Investors: John Hall (212) 578-7888, John.A.Hall@metlife.com About MetLife MetLife, Inc. (NYSE: MET), through its subsidiaries and affiliates (“MetLife”), is one of the world’s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management to help individual and institutional customers build a more confident future. Founded in 1868, MetLife has operations in more than 40 markets globally and holds leading positions in the United States, Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East. For more information, visit www.metlife.com. Conference Call MetLife will hold its first quarter 2026 earnings conference call on Thursday, May 7, 2026, from 9-10 a.m. (ET) via a live webcast. Please click on the following link to register: https:// events.q4inc.com/attendee/313008777 . A replay of the webcast will be available at investor.metlife.com for seven days following the call. ### Page 8 of 25 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures Any references in this news release (except in this section and the tables that accompany this release) to: Should be read as, respectively: (i) net income (loss) (i) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (ii) net income (loss) per share (ii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (iii) adjusted earnings (iii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (iv) adjusted earnings per share (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share (v) book value per share (v) book value per common share (vi) adjusted book value per share (vi) adjusted book value per common share (vii) return on equity (vii) return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity (viii) adjusted return on equity (viii) adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity In this news release, MetLife presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). MetLife believes that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance our investors’ understanding of MetLife’s performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment. The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) total adjusted revenues (i) total revenues (ii) total adjusted expenses (ii) total expenses (iii) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues (iii) premiums, fees and other revenues (iv) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT (iv) premiums, fees and other revenues (v) adjusted net investment income (v) net investment income (vi) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (vi) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (vii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items (vii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (viii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share (viii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (ix) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share (ix) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (x) adjusted return on equity (x) return on equity Page 9 of 25 (xi) adjusted return on equity, excluding total notable items (xi) return on equity (xii) investment portfolio gains (losses) (xii) net investment gains (losses) (xiii) derivative gains (losses) (xiii) net derivative gains (losses) (xiv) adjusted capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) (xiv) capitalization of DAC (xv) total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity (xv) total MetLife, Inc.’s stockholders’ equity (xvi) total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items (xvi) total MetLife, Inc.’s stockholders’ equity (xvii) adjusted book value per common share (xvii) book value per common share (xviii) adjusted other expenses (xviii) other expenses (xix) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC (xix) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC (xx) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses (xx) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC (xxi) adjusted expense ratio (xxi) expense ratio (xxii) adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT (xxii) expense ratio (xxiii) direct expenses (xxiii) other expenses (xxiv) direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses (xxiv) other expenses (xxv) direct expense ratio (xxv) expense ratio (xxvi) direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT (xxvi) expense ratio (xxvii) future policy benefits at original discount rate (xxvii) future policy benefits at balance sheet discount rate (xxviii) free cash flow of all holding companies (xxviii) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income (loss). Any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the current period and applied to the comparable prior period (“constant currency basis”). Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this earnings news release and this period’s earnings materials, which are available at MetLife’s Investor Relations webpage (https://investor.metlife.com). MetLife’s definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this news release may differ from those used by other companies: Adjusted earnings and related measures • adjusted earnings; Page 10 of 25 • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items per diluted common share; and • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis per diluted common share. Adjusted earnings is used by MetLife’s chief operating decision maker, its chief executive officer, to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is MetLife’s GAAP measure of segment performance. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management’s and many other employees’ performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of MetLife’s performance relative to its business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. Adjusted earnings, along with the related adjusted revenues, adjusted expenses and adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, focus on our primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of (i) market volatility which could distort trends, (ii) asymmetrical and non-economic accounting, (iii) revenues and costs related to divested businesses, and (iv) other adjustments. Also, adjusted earnings and related measures exclude results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Market volatility can have a significant impact on MetLife’s financial results. Adjusted earnings excludes net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) and goodwill impairments. Further, net investment income is adjusted to exclude similar items relating to joint ventures accounted for under the equity method (“Joint venture adjustments”), and policyholder benefits and claims exclude (i) changes in the discount rate on certain annuitization guarantees accounted for as additional liabilities and (ii) market value adjustments. Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Universal life and investment-type product policy fees exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Net investment income includes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment (“Investment hedge adjustments”). • Other revenues include settlements of foreign currency earnings hedges and exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance . • Policyholder benefits and claims excludes (i) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments, (ii) asymmetrical accounting associated with inforce reinsurance, and (iii) non-economic losses incurred at contract inception for certain single premium annuity business. These losses are amortized into adjusted earnings within policyholder benefits and claims over the estimated lives of the contracts. • Policyholder liability remeasurement gains (losses) excludes asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. Page 11 of 25 • Interest credited to policyholder account balances excludes amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass-through adjustments and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance . “Divested businesses” are those that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under GAAP. Divested businesses also include the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under GAAP and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Other adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, net investment income excludes depreciation of whollyowned real estate and real estate joint ventures. • Net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances exclude certain amounts related to contractholder-directed equity securities (“Unit-linked contract income” and “Unit-linked contract costs”) . • Net investment income and other expenses exclude Reinsurance activity (as defined below). • Net investment income and interest expense on debt exclude amounts related to collateralized financing entities that are consolidated variable interest entities. • Other revenues and other expenses exclude asset management distribution fees on funds that are passed through to distribution partners. • Other revenues include fee revenue on synthetic guaranteed interest contracts (“GICs”) accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Other expenses exclude (i) amortization and impairment of asset management intangible assets, (ii) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements and other costs, and (iii) acquisition, integration and other related costs. Other expenses include (i) deductions for net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests, and (ii) benefits accrued on synthetic GICs accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • “Reinsurance activity” relates to amounts subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the reinsurers and (ii) the corresponding invested assets and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under GAAP business combination accounting guidance. The tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above are calculated net of the U.S. or foreign statutory tax rate, which could differ from MetLife’s effective tax rate. Additionally, the provision for income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms. In addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders. Investment portfolio gains (losses) and derivative gains (losses) These are measures of investment and hedging activity. Investment portfolio gains (losses) principally excludes amounts that are reported within net investment gains (losses) but do not relate to the performance of the investment portfolio, such as gains (losses) on sales and divestitures of businesses, as well as investment portfolio gains (losses) of divested businesses. Derivative gains (losses) principally excludes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives, where such Page 12 of 25 derivatives are either hedges of investments or are used to replicate certain investments, and where such derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. This earned income and amortization of premium is reported within adjusted earnings and not within derivative gains (losses). Return on equity and related measures • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity : total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) and the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, all net of income tax. • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items : total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of AOCI, the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives and total notable items, all net of income tax. • Return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity : net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity : adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items : adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items. The above measures represent a level of equity that excludes most components of AOCI, such as unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, and future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), as well as the impact of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, as these amounts are primarily driven by market volatility. Expense ratio, direct expense ratio, adjusted expense ratio and related measures • Expense ratio : other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues. • Direct expense ratio : direct expenses divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. Direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third-party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses. • Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT : direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. • Adjusted expense ratio : adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. • Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT : adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. Assets Under Management ( “ AUM ” ): • Total Assets Under Management (“Total AUM”) is comprised of MIM GA AUM plus Institutional Client AUM (each, as defined below). Page 13 of 25 • MIM General Account AUM (“MIM GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe the portion of GA AUM (as defined below) that MetLife Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates (“MIM”) manages or advises. • General Account AUM (“GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe assets in its general account (“GA”) investment portfolio. GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of GA total investments, the portion of the GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, certain contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures included in GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. Classification of GA AUM by sector is based on the nature and characteristics of the underlying investments which can vary from how they are classified under GAAP. Accordingly, the underlying investments within certain real estate and real estate joint ventures that are primarily commercial mortgage loans (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been reclassified to exclude them from real estate and real estate joint ventures and include them as commercial mortgage loans. • Institutional Client AUM is comprised of SA AUM plus Reinsurance AUM plus TP AUM (each, as defined below). MIM manages or advises Institutional Client AUM in accordance with client guidelines contained in each investment advisory agreement. ◦ Separate Account AUM (“SA AUM”) is comprised of separate account investment portfolios, which are managed or advised by MIM and included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. ◦ Reinsurance AUM is comprised of GA assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, which are managed or advised by MIM and are generally included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. ◦ Third-Party AUM (“TP AUM”) is comprised of non-proprietary assets managed or advised by MIM on behalf of unaffiliated/third-party clients, which are stated at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. Such non-proprietary assets are owned by unaffiliated/third-party clients and, accordingly, are generally not included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements. • Asia General Account AUM (“Asia GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe assets in its Asia GA investment portfolio. Asia GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of Asia GA total investments, the portion of the Asia GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, certain contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures included in Asia GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. At the segment level, intersegment balances (intercompany activity, primarily related to investments in subsidiaries that eliminate at the MetLife consolidated level) are excluded from Asia GA AUM. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) excludes the following adjustments: (i) unrealized gain (loss) on investments carried at estimated fair value and (ii) adjustments from carrying value to estimated fair value on mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) is presented net of related allowance for credit loss. Other items The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of MetLife’s performance: Page 14 of 25 • Statistical sales information: • Group Benefits: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits and 100% of annualized fullyear premiums and fees from recurring premium policy sales of all products. •

RIS: calculated using 10% of single premium contracts, on and off-balance sheet deposits, and the contract value for new U.K. longevity reinsurance contracts, and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees only from recurring premium policy sales of specialized benefit resources and corporate-owned life insurance. • Asia, Latin America and EMEA: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits (mainly from retirement products such as variable annuity, fixed annuity and pensions), 20% of single premium deposits from credit insurance and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring-premium policy sales of all products (mainly from risk and protection products such as individual life, accident & health and group). Sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. • Volume growth, where cited, represents the change in certain measures of our segment results, including adjusted earnings, attributable to business growth, applying a model in which certain margins and factors are held constant, the most significant of which are underwriting margins, investment margins, changes in equity market performance, expense margins and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. • PRT includes U.K. funded reinsurance. • Institutional net flows reflect Institutional Client AUM total fund additions less withdrawals. • “Third-party mortgage loan activity” relates to amounts associated with mortgage loans originated and acquired for third parties, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the third-party lenders and (ii) the corresponding mortgage loan assets. • We refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. The observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. This includes the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results. • Notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect MetLife’s results, but that were unknown and that MetLife could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. Notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of MetLife’s results and to evaluate and forecast those results. Notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. • Holding company cash and liquid assets are held by MetLife, Inc. collectively with other MetLife holding companies and include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. • MetLife uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. MetLife defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at MetLife’s holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. This measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. Free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with Page 15 of 25 GAAP. The free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. Forward-Looking Statements This news release may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events and do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words and terms such as “anticipate,” “are confident,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms. They include statements relating to strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. By their nature, forward-looking statements: speak only as of the date they are made; are not statements of historical fact or guarantees of future performance; and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Many factors determine the results of MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates, and they involve unpredictable risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements depend on our assumptions, our expectations, and our understanding of the economic environment, but they may be inaccurate and may change. MetLife, Inc. does not guarantee any future performance. Our results could differ materially from those MetLife, Inc. expresses or implies in forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors identified in MetLife, Inc.’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and others, may cause such differences. These factors include: (1) economic condition difficulties, including risks relating to interest rates, the effects of announced or future tariff increases on the global economy, credit spreads, declining equity or debt markets, changes in the value of assets under management, real estate, obligors and counterparties, government default or shutdown, currency exchange rates, derivatives, climate change, public health, terrorism and security; (2) global capital and credit market adversity; (3) credit facility inaccessibility; (4) financial strength or credit ratings downgrades; (5) unavailability, unaffordability, or inadequate reinsurance, including reinsurance risks that arise from reinsurers’ credit risk, and the potential shortfall or failure of risk mitigants to protect against such risks; (6) statutory life insurance reserve financing costs or limited market capacity; (7) legal, regulatory, and supervisory and enforcement policy changes; (8) changes in tax rates, tax laws or interpretations; (9) litigation and regulatory investigations; (10) unsuccessful efforts to meet all sustainability standards or to enhance our sustainability; (11) MetLife, Inc.’s inability to pay dividends and repurchase common stock; (12) MetLife, Inc.’s subsidiaries’ inability to pay dividends to MetLife, Inc.; (13) investment defaults, downgrades, or volatility; (14) investment sales or lending difficulties; (15) collateral or derivative-related payments; (16) investment valuations, allowances, or impairments changes; (17) claims or other results that differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models; (18) global political, legal, or operational risks; (19) business competition; Page 16 of 25 (20) technological changes; (21) catastrophes; (22) climate changes or responses to it; (23) deficiencies in our closed block; (24) goodwill or other asset impairment, or deferred income tax asset allowance; (25) impairment of value of business acquired ("VOBA"), value of distribution agreements acquired or value of customer relationships acquired; (26) product guarantee volatility, costs, and counterparty risks; (27) risk management failures; (28) insufficient protection from operational risks; (29) failure to protect confidentiality, integrity or availability of systems or data or other cybersecurity or disaster recovery failures; (30) accounting standards changes; (31) excessive risk-taking; (32) marketing and distribution difficulties; (33) pension and other postretirement benefit assumption changes; (34) inability to protect our intellectual property or avoid infringement claims; (35) acquisition, integration, growth, disposition, or reorganization difficulties; (36) Brighthouse Financial, Inc. separation risks; (37) MetLife, Inc.’s Board of Directors influence over the outcome of stockholder votes through the voting provisions of the MetLife Policyholder Trust; and (38) legal- and corporate governance-related effects on business combinations. MetLife, Inc. does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement if MetLife, Inc. later becomes aware that such statement is not likely to be achieved. Please consult any further disclosures MetLife, Inc. makes on related subjects in subsequent reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Page 17 of 25 MetLife, Inc. GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations (In millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31, Revenues Premiums $ 12,120 $ 11,723 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,343 1,229 Net investment income 5,355 4,885 Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) (670) (387) Net derivative gains (losses) Total revenues 19,074 18,569 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims 11,864 11,806 Policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses (13) (31) Market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1,674 1,647 Policyholder dividends Amortization of DAC, VOBA and negative VOBA Interest expense on debt Other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC 2,965 2,573 Total expenses 17,567 17,215 Income (loss) before provision for income tax 1,507 1,354 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) 1,162 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (23) Net income (loss) attributable to MetLife, Inc. 1,185 Less: Preferred stock dividends Preferred stock redemption premium — — Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 1,140 $ See footnotes on last page. Page 18 of 25 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share data) For the Three Months Ended March 31, Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted (1) Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted (1) Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 1,140 $ 1.74 $ $ 1.28 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (670) (1.02) (387) (0.56) Net derivative gains (losses) 0.11 0.63 Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) (120) (0.18) (299) (0.44) Goodwill impairment — — — — Other adjustments to net income (loss) 0.11 (234) (0.33) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 0.26 0.03 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (23) (0.04) 0.01 Preferred stock redemption premium — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 1,586 2.42 1,349 1.96 Less: Total notable items — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,349 $ 1.96 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,384 $ 2.01 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,384 $ 2.01 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 655.7 687.0 See footnotes on last page. Page 19 of 25 MetLife, Inc. (In millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31, Premiums, Fees and Other Revenues Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,315 $ 13,639 Less: Adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues: Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting Other — (15) Divested businesses — Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,183 $ 13,614 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 14,183 $ 13,813 Less: PRT 1,476 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT, on a constant currency basis $ 13,340 $ 12,337 Net Investment Income Net investment income $ 5,355 $ 4,885 Less: Adjustments to net investment income: Investment hedge adjustments (84) (103) Depreciation of wholly-owned real estate and real estate joint ventures (61) Joint venture adjustments (42) Unit-linked contract income (318) (227) Reinsurance activity Divested businesses — Adjusted net investment income $ 5,499 $ 5,213 Revenues and Expenses Total revenues $ 19,074 $ 18,569 Less: Adjustments to total revenues: Net investment gains (losses) (670) (387) Net derivative gains (losses) Investment hedge adjustments (84) (103) Depreciation of wholly-owned real estate and real estate joint ventures (61) Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting, excluding Investment hedge adjustments Unit-linked contract costs (318) (227) Reinsurance activity Other (57) Divested businesses — Total adjusted revenues $ 19,682 $ 18,827 Total expenses $ 17,567 $ 17,215 Less: Adjustments to total expenses: Market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses Goodwill impairment — — Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting Market volatility (74) (44) Unit-linked contract costs (302) (234) Reinsurance activity Other Divested businesses Total adjusted expenses $ 17,536 $ 16,985 See footnotes on last page. Page 20 of 25 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share and ratio data) For the Three Months Ended March 31, Expense Detail and Ratios Reconciliation of Capitalization of DAC to Adjusted Capitalization of DAC Capitalization of DAC $ (959) $ (698) Less: Divested businesses — — Adjusted capitalization of DAC $ (959) $ (698) Reconciliation of Other Expenses to Adjusted Other Expenses Other expenses $ 3,924 $ 3,271 Less: Reinsurance activity Other Divested businesses Adjusted other expenses $ 3,661 $ 3,202 Other Detail and Ratios Other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC $ 2,965 $ 2,573 Premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,315 $ 13,639 Expense ratio 20.7 % 18.9 % Direct expenses $ 1,583 $ 1,459 Less: Total notable items related to direct expenses — — Direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses $ 1,583 $ 1,459 Adjusted other expenses $ 3,661 $ 3,202 Adjusted capitalization of DAC (959) (698) Adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC 2,702 2,504 Less: Total notable items related to adjusted other expenses — — Adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses $ 2,702 $ 2,504 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 14,183 $ 13,614 Less: PRT 1,476 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 13,340 $ 12,138 Direct expense ratio 11.2 % 10.7 % Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT 11.9 % 12.0 % Adjusted expense ratio 19.1 % 18.4 % Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT 20.3 % 20.6 % See footnotes on last page. Page 21 of 25 MetLife, Inc. (In millions, except per share data) March 31, Equity Details Total MetLife, Inc.'s stockholders' equity $ 27,324 $ 27,493 Less: Preferred stock 2,830 3,818 MetLife, Inc.'s common stockholders' equity 24,494 23,675 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (19,380) (17,329) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (1,015) Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax 9,001 5,334 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (56) (31) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (1,374) (1,416) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax (100) Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity 37,087 37,038 Less: Accumulated year-to-date total notable items, net of income tax — — Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,087 $ 37,038 March 31, Book Value (2) Book value per common share 37.92 35.16 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (30.00) (25.74) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (1.57) 0.27 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax 13.94 7.92 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (0.09) (0.05) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (2.13) (2.10) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax 0.36 (0.15) Adjusted book value per common share $ 57.41 $ 55.01 Common shares outstanding, end of period (3) 646.0 673.3 For the Three Months Ended March 31, Return on Equity (4) Return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Common stockholders' equity 18.2 % 14.9 % Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Adjusted common stockholders' equity 17.0 % 14.4 % Adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items 17.0 % 14.4 % For the Three Months Ended March 31, Average Common Stockholders' Equity Average common stockholders' equity $ 25,031 $ 23,651 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity $ 37,242 $ 37,405 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,242 $ 37,405 See footnotes on last page. Page 22 of 25 MetLife, Inc. Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders (In millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31, Group Benefits (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 6,539 $ 6,430 Less: Participating contracts 1,455 1,553 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding participating contracts $ 5,084 $ 4,877

RIS (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 2,390 $ 2,457 Less: PRT 1,476 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 1,547 $ Asia: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,738 $ 1,681 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,738 $ 1,662 Latin America: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,897 $ 1,513 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,897 $ 1,704 See footnotes on last page. Page 23 of 25 MetLife, Inc. Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders (Continued) (In millions) For the Three Months Ended March 31,

EMEA: Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ $ Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ $

MIM (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ $ Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ $ Corporate & Other (5): Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ (177) $ (129) Less: Total notable items — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ (177) $ (129) Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ $ See footnotes on last page. Page 24 of 25 MetLife, Inc. Variable Investment Income For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026 Variable Investment Income (post-tax, in millions) (6) Assets (in billions) Group Benefits $ $ 0.2 RIS 5.1 Asia 8.6 Latin America 0.3 EMEA — MIM — — Corporate & Other 4.0 Total $ $ 18.2 Cash & Capital March 31, 2026 (in billions) (7), (8), (9) Holding Companies Cash & Liquid Assets $ 3.9 See footnotes on last page. Page 25 of 25 MetLife, Inc. Footnotes (1) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share. (2) Book values exclude $2,830 million and $3,818 million of equity related to preferred stock at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, respectively. (3) There were share repurchases of approximately $750 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026. There were share repurchases of approximately $200 million in April 2026. (4) Annualized using quarter-to-date results. (5) Results on a constant currency basis are not included as constant currency impact is not significant. (6) Assumes a 21% tax rate. (7) The 2025 combined U.S. risk-based capital (RBC) ratio was 379%, which is above MetLife's 360% target on an NAIC basis. This ratio includes MetLife, Inc.'s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company. MetLife calculates RBC annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, the calculation does not reflect conditions and factors occurring after the year end. (8) The total U.S. statutory adjusted capital, on a National Association of Insurance Commissioners basis, is expected to be approximately $16.2 billion at March 31, 2026, down 5% from $17.1 billion at December 31, 2025. This balance includes MetLife, Inc.'s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company. (9) The Japan Economic Solvency Ratio is expected to be at middle of the target range of 170% to 190% for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026.

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start on Group Life, I guess, for Ramy. We've seen working age mortality trend has been improving, I guess, for a couple of years now. And I'm just wondering if you've done some more work in terms of what's driving that and if you think this trend that we've seen is sustainable. I don't think we can hear the answer, at least I can't. Ramy Tadros: Yes, sorry. Let me -- hold on a second. Suneet, can you hear me now? Suneet Kamath: I can. Ramy Tadros: Okay. Sorry, we had a problem with the mic here. So thank you for the question. And let me just give you maybe a bit of color on the quarter and then give you a sense of how we think about the sustainability of the results. We're very pleased with the results in the quarter. We've got about 2 points of favorable prior quarter development coming through. We did see about another 0.5 point of favorable severity, which can kind of fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. And as you noted, we are also seeing overall favorable working age mortality when you look at the CDC data. Look, there's a lot of different potential drivers for that favorability. Some include a pull-forward effect from a COVID perspective, some include the impact of GLP-1 drugs, and there are a lot of other pieces that we're researching and looking into, which I'm not going to go through all the details right now. But when you step back and think about what this means for our results, keep a couple of points in mind. One is while we operate in a competitive environment, this is also a market where we particularly can differentiate on factors beyond price. So we talked about the strategy in terms of how we bring our value proposition to our clients, especially those who are looking to do more with fewer. So life insurance is often bundled with other coverages such as disability and dental and voluntary, and this allows us, from a bundling perspective, to look at overall customer profitability and protect overall margins. And from a specific life perspective, if the favorability that we see does persist and does become credible on these RIS, we would expect some portion of it to flow back into pricing, but that would happen gradually over time. So think of that happening in years, not quarters, if you think about our underwriting ratio. I hope that helps. Suneet Kamath: Yes, that's helpful. And I guess maybe shifting gears to Japan, it seems like we're seeing a lot more actions by regulators in that country. And I think the secondy issue that you are part of. I think, it's an industry-wide issue. But I'm just curious if you can give us an update on what's going on there and if you're aware of any other reviews by the regulators that could impact Met's franchise there. Lyndon Oliver: Suneet, it's Lyndon here. So look, this issue, as you described, has impacted several companies across the industry. And we obviously take this matter very seriously. We've conducted a very comprehensive review all across the company. All the seconded employees have returned to their positions, and we've discontinued the practice. And we take lots of steps to kind of work with our customers, our partners and regulators to resolve the issue. And all the details of the review we've undertaken, all the corrective actions that we put in place can be found on our website. We're in conversations with the FSA about lots of different things. The press release noted we had a reporting order, but all our discussions with the regulators continue to be confidential right now. John McCallion: Yes. And I think just to add to that, Suneet, I mean, just to reemphasize, it's an industry issue, we're not seeing any impact on our business and results and sales, as you saw in the quarter. So I think, as Lyndon said, which kind of -- we're working through it, where all of us, like the whole industry, are working through addressing this with the regulator. And I think we don't see this as anything with any specific company. It's more just a change in industry practice. Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Ryan Krueger: Maybe I'll start with an opposite side of a Japan question. You had quite strong sales there. Can you talk a little bit more about the positive dynamics you're seeing that drove this? And how you're thinking about the rest of the year? Lyndon Oliver: Yes. It's Lyndon. Let me take that. So look, we did have a very strong quarter. We're very pleased with the performance we've seen in the quarter. Sales are up 22% year-over-year. So let me give you some color about Japan and the rest of Asia. So let's start with Japan. Sales in Japan were up 26% year-over-year, and that's really driven by distribution strength across all of our channels. We've also benefited from very successful product launches in the quarter. We saw life sales grow. That was driven by the yen variable product as well as a U.S. dollar single premium product. In the A&H products, we launched a new product in the quarter, and A&H sales were actually up 77% year-over-year. So strong performance in the yen A&H portfolio. When we look at annuity sales, they remained steady against what was a very strong comparative in the prior year, but we continue to see some momentum in U.S. dollar single premium products. An important dynamic for the quarter was our mix of business, between yen and dollar products, was close to 50-50, reflecting a very diversified product portfolio. Now going to the rest of Asia, sales there were up 18% year-over-year. And here, Korea was a key driver. Sales growth was up 44%. And here, too, we saw momentum in our U.S. dollar sales, where we've been able to leverage what we've done in Japan with U.S. dollar product as well as our investment expertise and take it to Korea. And then, we also saw strength in our Korean won product there, and that was driven primarily by the strong macroeconomic environment, particularly the rising equity markets. So we're off to a strong start for the quarter. Now looking ahead, we can expect a little bit of moderation in year-over-year growth rates just given the strong prior year comparatives, but we really expect the momentum we have to continue going into the second quarter. Ryan Krueger: And on non-medical health, could you give us a little more color on the key drivers that impacted this quarter? And also just how you're thinking about the rest of the year? Ramy Tadros: Sure, Ryan. It's Ramy here. So if you think about the quarter, 3 kind of drivers I would point to. First is dental, very much performing in line with our expectations. We did observe the seasonally higher dental utilization coming through in the quarter, which does impact the ratio, and we would expect utilization to moderate in the second half of the year, and that's kind of consistent with historical trends. For disability, we did experience higher disability claims. Those were coming from the impact of new state-mandated paid family leave programs. These new programs have a claim pattern with higher upfront claims that tend to normalize. So here again, we would expect that impact to also moderate in the second half of the year. And then the third factor, which John referenced in his prepared remarks, we did see slightly elevated severity in LTD. And it's important to note that while this was elevated on a year-to-year basis, when we look at it sequentially, it was actually flat over the last 3 quarters. So we don't really see any evidence of a trend here in terms of severity and very much in line with kind of quarterly fluctuations that we would see. So if you put all of these pieces together, from an aggregate perspective, back to your question, we would expect this ratio to moderate, but look for that moderation in the second half of the year, if you think that coming through our numbers. Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo. Wesley Carmichael: First question was on RIS spread. I think the core spread declined a little bit sequentially. But you've also brought on a lot of new business from PRT and other products over the past couple of quarters. So any help on how you're thinking about core yield or spread? And how that should trend if there's any uplift from deploying some of that cash or reallocating some assets going forward? John McCallion: Yes. Thanks for the question. Wes, it's John. So as you mentioned, RIS spreads for the quarter were 119 basis points and down about 5 basis points in total sequentially, but honestly, at the top end of our 100 to 120 basis point guidance range, VII contributed about 24 basis points. So that was essentially flat, which reflected, obviously, our strong private equity performance. And so if you exclude VII, core spreads were 95 basis points. And that 4 basis points of sequential decline was largely in line with expectations we discussed in February. As we had guided, there was -- obviously, we had a large volume of new flows in 4Q, primarily from the PRT mandates. That created a bit of a headwind in Q1, as we continue to rotate that portion of the -- or a portion of the portfolio. And so as we look ahead into 2Q, we do expect some improvement from lower asset rotations, but we're also operating in an environment where the yield curve remains persistently flat with the short end higher than maybe relative to our outlook expectation of the curve steepening. So that actually puts a bit of a headwind on us. I think taken all together, our expectation for Q2 is that core spreads will remain close to where we are in Q1, maybe slightly above, modest improvement in Q2. And total spreads will continue to track to our full year range. Wesley Carmichael: Got it. And second, I guess, Sun Life issued a press release last week that they're settling a class action lawsuit with policyholders. In their release, I guess, they noted that they can seek recourse from MetLife for, I guess, around CAD 200 million on a gross basis. So -- I realize that's small, but just wanted to see if that's something that we should be thinking about as a near-term impact on MetLife. Michel Khalaf: Wes, it's Michel. Thanks for the question. So I think I believe you're referring to the April 30 press release by Sun Life. The claims made by Sun Life can best be characterized as baseless and misleading. MetLife was not named a defendant in the reference class action suit. And Sun Life has taken no legal action to enforce the alleged indemnity claim against MetLife. As a matter of fact, there are currently no legal proceedings between the parties. We vigorously dispute that we owe Sun Life any indemnity whatsoever for the claims made in the underlying settlement. And the last thing I would say is that Sun Life and only Sun Life is responsible for its own decisions and actions in this matter. Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Thomas Gallagher: First one, John, the -- did you say $170 million of stat net income in 1Q? And if so, anything in particular that was weighing on that result? And how -- maybe more broadly, how are you feeling about capital generation to start the year overall? John McCallion: Yes. Tom, yes, on stat capital, I mentioned in the opening remarks, we had about a 4% decline in the quarter. And the largest reason for that is, as I mentioned, dividend seasonality for our U.S. entities. We typically take a larger dividend in the first quarter. And then while dividends from our non-U.S. entities have weighted more heavily towards the remaining quarter. So that's typically been a historical practice for us around capital management throughout the year. I think importantly, nothing has really changed in terms of our capital trajectory or capital generation. I mean, we continue to demonstrate a free cash flow ratio of 65% to 75% and remain confident to do that throughout New Frontier. Finally, in 2025, we saw an RBC ratio of 379%, well above our 360%. So very much in line with where we've operated over the last several years. And overall, we believe this continues to reflect our strong capital resilience and discipline, and there's nothing really to call out. I mean, you saw some normal, I'd say, level of credit losses in the quarter, a little higher trading losses and just -- kind of just general seasonality of Q1. And you can go back and see that it's pretty consistent with prior quarters. Thomas Gallagher: Got you. My follow-up is I just want to ask a higher-level strategy question on the investment side. How are you -- what are you thinking about things? And I know you had some reallocations going on with PRT and the like. But if -- I guess starting on your commercial mortgage loan portfolio, I noticed you've been shrinking that a lot. So it looks like you're not originating as much on that side or at least retaining as much on that side. So I take that to mean you're a little more cautious going forward on the CML side. Where are you reallocating? And where are you more bullish? Is it private credit? Or just a little bit of color on what are you thinking more broadly about where you're looking to allocate new dollars? John McCallion: Yes. Tom, it's a good point. And I think like with any environment and in the way we approach it is, obviously, we think about relative value, right? And we -- this is why it's so important to have a diversified platform where you have strength and capabilities across a number of asset classes because quite honestly, some asset classes can look more challenging at different times. I'd say just on your point of real estate, we are continuing to see an environment there, where we have seen liquidity and price discovery pick up, and we expect this trend to continue through the year. And it's helped kind of normalize pricing and things like that. And so there are, I'd say, improving opportunities, but surprisingly, new issuance and new origination spreads are still relatively tight. So we're being selective when it comes to that, and we think that's the best approach in this asset class. To your question about what else are we looking at, I think we have a variety of different capabilities within the private assets. Asset-backed financing probably is one of the places where we're seeing opportunities for risk-adjusted returns that are very strong. But I think within each asset class, we can find it, but maybe at broad themes around sectors, that's probably on a relative scale place that is showing better value. Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling. Joel Hurwitz: First one on MIM with PineBridge now on board. Can you maybe talk about the outlook for flows or provide some more color on the strong pipeline that you mentioned in your prepared remarks? And then, can you also talk about the ability to leverage some of the international distribution that comes with that acquisition? John McCallion: Joel, it's John. Look, I'd just start out by saying we're very excited about what's ahead for MetLife Investment Management. This is the first quarter post acquisition. And while it's still early, we're really encouraged by the progress that we've seen across integration, client engagement, pipeline development. From an integration perspective, we really were focused on being quick and deliberate out of the gate. We announced a new MIM leadership team, which took a combination of both firms. We're in process of consolidating key investment platforms to drive operating synergies. And then, we've started out of the gate being focused on being a 1 MIM platform. And -- that was really -- holistically, that was a strategic rationale for bringing these 2 firms together. And we've been proactive with clients and consultants in terms of our outreach and our vision, talking about these investment capabilities, and the feedback has been consistently positive. We're seeing really some great opportunities for early signs of cross-selling to begin to emerge. And so I think -- I'd just say, overall, the early days have just continued to reinforce the strategic fit of PineBridge. In terms of new pipeline, I'd say it's well diversified. We see some being committed, new commitments. We have opportunities for deploying capital under our existing mandates. We have some late-stage client activity. So I think, all in all, as you know, with the institutional asset management, it can be inherently lumpy and episodic at times. But I think what we're really excited about the engagement and the momentum that we're seeing is very positive and highly constructive, and we're just seeing those -- these opportunities develop across asset classes and geographies. As you point out, one of the attractive things about PineBridge coming together is they really brought an international non-U.S. footprint to us. About 50% of their AUM is outside the U.S. So we spend a lot of time with the teams kind of thinking about how we can, as I said earlier, think about those cross-sell opportunities, and we're finding a lot of opportunities out of the gate. So just as we step back, despite this being early integration, and there's some natural, I'd say -- I'll say, early day consolidating situations that occur in terms of flows, we feel very good about the demand that's there for our products, the depth of the pipeline that we're seeing and our ability to continue to generate new net flows. Joel Hurwitz: Got it. That was very helpful. And maybe, Ramy, can you just talk about what you're seeing from a competitive landscape across the various markets you play in, in the group space? And just any color on sort of the drivers of the top line and group ex participating policies being towards the lower end of your target range? Ramy Tadros: Thanks, Joel. Maybe let me just hit about -- hit the top line question first. So as we described before, participating policies do impact PFOs, but don't really impact our earnings. So we always like to think about the true measure of top line growth is one that does exclude participating policies. And in this quarter, we saw slightly over 4% growth using that metric. And as the industry leader, continuing to grow at these levels, and if you look at it in absolute terms, we're certainly very pleased with our growth rate here. And look, while we compete in a competitive environment, we have a value proposition that's resonating in the marketplace and continuing to deliver for our customers, and therefore, deliver for our shareholders. So from a driver's perspective, it's really been hitting on all cylinders this quarter. We have improved persistency. That was broad-based, particularly evident in our dental book. We've also achieved all of that persistency while meeting our expectations in terms of rate actions across the business. Very strong momentum in terms of sales, broad-based across core and voluntary. And we continue to drive our strategy that we talked about at Investor Day from a re-enrollment perspective. We talked about those twin gaps of a confusion gap and a protection gap and how our ability to bridge them is going to drive better enrollment results, and we're seeing that with double-digit voluntary product growth in our portfolio. So all over, I would say, as the industry leader with clear competitive differentiators, we're very pleased with the top line momentum here. Operator: Your next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Wolfe Research. Tracy Benguigui: I just want to go back to MIM. You mentioned some third-party outflows. Did that come from PineBridge deflections or somewhere else? John McCallion: Yes. No, I think it's a mix, right? So there were -- we did have some expected post-close activity, I'll call it, early in the quarter. And then also, we had, just as you would typically have, client allocation shifts that are unusual to start the year. So it's a mix of both. Tracy Benguigui: Got it. And just appreciate an update on your annuity reinsurance flow. How many cedents are you part of that right now? Ramy Tadros: Tracy, we have, as of this point, 2 partners that we're working closely with on the reinsurance side. And just -- I would just give you a bit more color on that is we're working with partners who appreciate what we can bring to the table in terms of our financial strength, investment capabilities, liquidity and capital flexibility. But I would also say, we are also very selective in terms of who we partner with because we look at the quality of the liabilities being originated, and in particular, we look at the cost of funding for those liabilities. And so we think these are win-win partnerships and really speaks to the strategy of looking to go after adjacencies, which play to our strength. And -- Michel mentioned that in his opening remarks in terms of retail reinsurance. The other adjacency that we're seeing a lot of tailwinds in is the U.K. funded reinsurance. And on a year-to-date between those 2 pieces, we have $2 billion of inflows here, and these are businesses that were basically started from scratch from Investor Day to sitting here today 18 months later. Operator: Our next question comes from Pablo Singzon with JPMorgan. Pablo Singzon: First, could you comment about your outlook for EMEA? Earnings were above the quarterly run rate you had provided before. And operations that don't seem to be affected by what's going on in the Middle East. So I'm just curious how you're seeing the rest of the year unfold there. John McCallion: Just to make sure, Pablo, you said EMEA. Is that what you said? Pablo Singzon: Yes, that's correct, John. Just earnings being stronger and operations not being affected by the conflict in the Middle East? Michel Khalaf: Pablo, it's Michel again. So yes, we're really, really pleased with EMEA's performance. And I would say that's been building over a couple of years now, where strong sales growth is translating into PFO growth and earnings growth as well. I think that's also reflective of the highly efficient structure that we have in EMEA, especially in Europe. With regard to the situation in the Middle East, just to give you a sense of EMEA's earnings, about 2/3 come from Europe, 1/3 from the rest of the region. And about 50% of that 1/3 comes from Turkey and Egypt. So clearly, we've been keeping a close eye on what's happening in the region. Our first order priority is the safety and well-being of our associates there. So far, we have not seen any impact. And I think EMEA's performance in the quarter is -- provides evidence of that. And we think that, provided the situation stabilizes from here, we're not going to see any impact. And if we do, they're not going to be material to EMEA overall and certainly not to MetLife's overall results as well. John McCallion: And I would just add, Pablo, just in terms of outlook, we probably -- obviously, this is a very strong quarter. I wouldn't consider this to be a run rate where we had a $90 million to $100 million quarterly run rate as part of the outlook. And we're probably trending towards the middle to upper end of that range is where we -- going forward. Pablo Singzon: That's clear. And then my second question, disability, maybe for Ramy again. Do you think the trends you've seen so far, right? You called out severity, paid families, would those require repricing beyond normal course? And I guess, how do you frame how you might be positioning the book today versus the past several years when results for the industry were just very strong? Lyndon Oliver: Yes. Well, just in terms of our overall approach for pricing here, we have the ability to reprice about 50% of the book every year in terms of our disability book. And that's driven by a combination of would be client-specific experience as well as our outlook. I would say from an LTD perspective, what we've seen from a 1 quarter of severity this quarter, and I talked about this being flattish over the last 3 quarters, we're not seeing any evidence that would say -- would merit an overall repricing of the book. Outside of the severity that we talked about, the performance is very much in line with our expectations, be it in terms of incidence or closure or recovery rates. So we feel pretty good about where the book sits today, but we'll continue to monitor this and clearly reflect an individual customer by customer experience. And then for the paid family medical leave, I talked about the nature of the product. I think of it as an expanded STD product, and I talked about the front-end nature of those claims. Clearly, as we get a more credible experience as we get into the outer quarters, we will look at repricing actions as needed. But the front-end nature of this isn't a surprise to us. It's -- this is how these plans effectively work. And again, I'll come back to the fact that we can reprice about 50% of this business every year. So think of this as a BAU in terms of hitting our target margins and our pricing actions. Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to John Hall for closing remarks. John Hall: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning, and have a great day. Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect. Read NextAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingWFCF Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingINmune Bio (INMB) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 7, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingHelix Energy (HLX) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingBKV (BKV) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingEnerflex (EFXT) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptAug 6, 2026 •By Motley Fool TranscribingLifeStance (LFST) Q2 2026 Earnings Call TranscriptThis article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Stocks MentionedMetLifeNYSE: MET$99.95(+3.83%)+$3.69Motley Fool Stock Advisor’s Latest PickGet Access

=== EARNINGS PRESENTATION ===

MetLife 1Q26 Investor Presentation

Our Shareholders Our Communities Our Customers Our People Always with you, building a more confident future. Grounded in our purpose

Strong Growth Attractive Returns All-Weather Performance MetLife’s superior value proposition

MET’s superior value proposition: higher returns, lower risk 0.0% 2.0% 4.0% 6.0% 8.0% 10.0% 12.0% 14.0% 16.0% 18.0% 20.0% 0.00 0.25 0.50 0.75 1.00 1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Raw Beta Adjusted ROE 1 Adjusted return on equity. 2 Source: Bloomberg. Since 2019, MET adjusted ROE1 expands nearly 300 basis points while beta down ~20% 2 1

Asia Latin America EMEA 52-year Track record in the market Diverse set of product offerings: protection, health and savings products to ~19 million customers in 9 markets4 13% Sales growth in Latin America (2019-2025 CAGR)5 Serving almost 30 million customers across Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Colombia, and Uruguay ~200 Bancassurance & direct insurance partnerships6 EMEA is MetLife’s most diverse region, with a presence in 23 markets across 3 different continents Group Benefits Retirement & Income Solutions MetLife Investment Management #1 Voluntary and life group benefits1 Provides financial products and services to 95 of the top 100 Fortune 500® and over 85% of all Fortune 500® companies ~$430B Retirement balances globally2 Provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities $736B Total AUM3 Provides asset management services across asset classes and investor types globally 1 MetLife internal analysis and 4Q2025 LIMRA inforce reports. Product definitions: life includes term life, group universal life/group variable universal life, whole life, MetLife federal employees’ group life insurance, estimated Prudential servicemembers’ group life insurance, credit life and accidental death & dismemberment. 2 Reflects $327B in US and UK (Retirement & Income Solutions) and $100B in Japan as of 12/31/2025. 3 As of March 31, 2026. At estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 1Q2026 Total Assets Under Management (Total AUM) Fact Sheet for further information. 4 As of 12/31/2025. 5 Based on MetLife internal analysis. 6 As of 9/30/2025. MetLife fulfilling customer commitments for over 150 years A portfolio of market-leading businesses in over 40 markets globally

Group Benefits 26% Latin America 14% EMEA2 6% MetLife Investment Management 3% Retirement & Income Solutions 26% Asia 25% $6.5B 2025 Adjusted Earnings1 1 As of 12/31/2025. Excludes Corporate & Other adjusted losses of $468 million. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 2 Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA). 3 Based on premiums, fees and other revenues (PFOs). MetLife internal analysis of in-force, industry market data self-reported to LIMRA (4Q2024). 4 Latino Insurance. Based on gross written premiums (GWP) 2024. Includes Life, Personal accidents and Health as reported to local Insurance regulators. 5 Based on sales of Structured Settlements, U.S. Pensions, and Institutional Income Annuities as of year-end 2025 (LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute®). 6 Based on GWP, 2024. Attractive and evolving adjusted earnings mix #1 U.S. Group Benefits provider3 #1 Provider of U.S. institutional retirement solutions5 #1 Life insurer in Latin America4 #4 Multinational insurer in Asia6 Multiple ways to win, already the leader Winning in attractive markets 51% capital-driven Capital light Capital driven 49% capital-light

Global demographic shifts . . . fueling retirement, health & protection needs Democratization of financial services . . . expanding our addressable market AI reshaping customer expectations . . . advantaging scaled players investing in technology Convergence of asset management & insurance . . . creating greater opportunity for integrated business models Higher interest rates . . . increasing the attractiveness of fixed rate products Capitalizing on powerful macro forces

Extend leadership in Group Benefits Capitalize on unique retirement platform Accelerate growth in asset management Expand in high growth international markets Power of SCALE Strategic DIVERSIFICATION Distribution INNOVATION Cutting-edge TECHNOLOGY Guided by our New Frontier strategy

Extending our leadership in Group Benefits Scale, technology, and discipline will carry the day #1 3x next competitor1 1.5x faster growing than market2 $2.3B+ tech investment since 20193 1 Based on PFOs 4Q2025. Reflects MetLife internal analysis of in-force, industry market data self-reported to LIMRA. 2 Growth in PFOs based on MetLife internal analysis of publicly reported data in quarterly financial statements/supplements (2019-2025). Peer group includes UNUM, Colonial Life, Prudential Financial, Lincoln Financial, The Hartford, Principal, Aflac US, Voya and Allstate. 3 Technology spend 2019 to 2025. 4 High level annual growth rates by driver 2024-2029. Positioned to Win Delivering Above Market Growth 1. ~2-3% GDP growth4 ~1-2% more employers, more products4 ~1-2% greater employee participation4 ++

The power of our business Inflows over the last five years1~$260B Retirement liabilities2 ~$430B Diversified sources of liabilities Deliberate focus on highly attractive segments: material markets with stable, predictable growth That play to our strengths and discipline Yielding very strong risk adjusted returns and capital flexibility Capitalizing on our unique retirement platform Playing to our strengths in high-value segments with significant potential2. 1 Reflects $197B in US and UK (RIS - Capital Markets only including global guaranteed interest contracts) and $61B in Japan (1Q2021-4Q2025). 2 Reflects $327B in US and UK (RIS) and $100B in Japan as of 12/31/2025. Our approach is differentiated

$736B Total AUM1 $313B Institutional Client AUM1 Scale across asset classes, geographies, and client types Top player across public and private fixed income and real estate Multi-decade outperformance The power of MetLife brings competitive advantages 1 As of March 31, 2026. At estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 1Q2026 Total Assets Under Management (Total AUM) Fact Sheet for further information. Accelerating growth in asset management MetLife Investment Management on a path to $1T Total AUM3.

121 United Nations Population Division website for year 2025. 2 Allianz Global Insurance Report 2025. 3 Allianz Global Insurance Report 2025 – 2035. Expanding in high growth international markets Valuable contributors today, majorcontributors tomorrow4. 40% of global population1 $0.6T life market2 ~8% GWP growth forecast3

New Frontier commitments MetLife's Superior Value Proposition double-digit Adjusted EPS Growth from 6%1 Attractive returns 15-17% Adjusted ROE from 12-14%2 -100bps Direct Expense Ratio from 12.3%3 $25B+ Free Cash Flow4 from ~$20B All-weather performance Strong growth Note: All New Frontier 2024-2029 commitments are shown as compared to Next Horizon commitments made at Investor Day 2019, except as otherwise indicated. 1 Not a Next Horizon commitment. Adjusted EPS, excluding total notable items, growth of 6% from 2019 to 2024. 2 Next Horizon target of 12-14% communicated at Investor Day 2019, was updated to 13-15% in 4Q2022 earnings call. 3 Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers (PRT), target communicated at Investor Day 2019 (adjusted for long duration targeted improvements LDTI approximately +30bps), was updated to 12.3% in 4Q2023 earnings call. 4 Represents free cash flow of all holding companies.

Financial Overview

Adjusted earnings snapshot Strong start to 2026, with 23% adjusted EPS growth – benefiting from the strength of our diversified market leading businesses, disciplined capital management, and an ongoing efficiency mindset Adjusted earnings ex. total notable items, by segment and C&O ($ in millions, except per share data) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Group Benefits $439 $370 19% $1,694 $1,664 2% Retirement & Income Solutions (RIS) 451 406 11% 1,658 1,563 6% Asia 487 372 31% 1,632 1,662 (2%) Latin America 229 219 5% 902 877 3% EMEA 110 83 33% 368 288 28% MetLife Investment Management (MIM) 47 28 68% 200 55 264% Corporate & Other (C&O) (177) (129) (468) (339) Adjusted Earnings ex. Total Notable Items $1,586 $1,349 18% $5,986 $5,770 4% Adjusted EPS ex. Total Notable Items $2.42 $1.96 23% $8.89 $8.11 10% Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 655.7 687.0 673.3 711.1 Adjusted book value per share $57.41 $55.01 $57.07 $54.81 1 Change in adjusted earnings from 2024 to 2025 for MIM reflects the transition to general account market fees as part of becoming a business segment.

($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $439 $370 19% $1,694 $1,664 2% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs) $6,539 $6,430 2% $25,469 $24,870 2% 84.8% 83.0% 83.4% 81.1% 80.1% 84.5% 83.1% 74.1% 74.8% 72.5% 72.2% 75.8% 72.2% 73.4% 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 1Q26 2024 2025 Group Life Mortality Ratio Non-Medical Health (NMH) Ratio Overview3 Key Highlights8 Product offerings: Life, Dental, Disability, Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D), Vision, Accident & Health, Legal Plans, Pet Provides financial products and services to 95 of the top 100 Fortune 500® and over 85% of all Fortune 500® companies Serving more than 55,000 U.S. group customers and 50 million U.S. employees and their dependents • Adjusted earnings2 up 19% – favorable life underwriting and volume growth • Group life mortality ratio5,6 80.1% vs. 84.8% in 1Q25 – better than target range of 8388%, reflecting continued favorable U.S. working age mortality trends • Non-medical health ratio5,7 75.8% vs. 74.1% in 1Q25 – above the 70-75% range, reflecting higher severity and incidence within disability, while dental is in-line with seasonally higher expectations • Adjusted PFOs up 2% - overall growth was partially offset by the impact of participating contracts • Sales up 15% primarily driven by growth across core and voluntary products Underwriting Ratios5 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Based on 2025 annualized premiums. 5 Results are derived from insurance and non-administrative services-only contracts. Full year ratios reflect simple quarterly average. 6 Excludes certain experience-rated contracts and includes accidental death and dismemberment. 7 Reflects actual claims experience and excludes the impact of interest credited on future policyholder benefits. The product within Group Non-Medical Health with interest credited on future policyholder benefits is disability. Primarily includes dental, group and individual disability, accident & health, critical illness and vision. 8 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. Largest non-medical, commercial carrier4 in the U.S. group insurance industry $20.2 billion in policyholder benefits and claims in 2025 Market leader in employee benefits with scale advantage and growing faster than the market over time Group Benefits1

Pension Risk Transfer (PRT) 19% Structured Settlements 9% Institutional Income Annuities 2% Stable Value 21% Benefit Funding Solutions 11% Longevity Reinsurance 12% Capital Markets Investment Products 19% Other 7% $328B Retirement & Income Solutions (RIS)1 Diversified set of market leading businesses ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $451 $406 11% $1,658 $1,563 6% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs)3 $1,547 $981 58% $4,693 $3,745 25% Investment Spreads5 Total Liability Exposures by Product 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 1Q26 FY24 FY25 Investment Spreads 1.11% 0.98% 1.27% 1.24% 1.19% 1.17% 1.15% Investment Spreads ex. VII 0.97% 0.97% 0.98% 0.99% 0.95% 1.15% 0.98% 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Adjusted PFOs, excluding PRT. 4 Includes Longevity Reinsurance and Benefit Funding Solutions. 5 Annualized general account spreads. 6 Other includes the legacy pensions business, MetLife Resources, and Retail Annuity Reinsurance. 7 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. Annuities Risk Solutions Overview Broad set of market leading businesses: Stable Value, Pension Risk Transfer (PRT), Structured Settlements, Institutional Income Annuities, Risk Solutions4, and Capital Markets Investments Products (CMIP) Provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities Generates a combination of spread, fee-based earnings, and underwriting Key Highlights7 • Adjusted earnings2 up 11% primarily driven by higher VII and favorable underwriting margins • Adjusted PFO’s ex. PRT up 58% primarily driven by growth in UK longevity reinsurance, post retirement benefits, and structured settlements • Total liability exposures gross of $328 billion, as of 3/31/26, up 8% year-over-year

$322 $407 $1,359 $1,590 $304 $359 $933 $1,114 1Q25 1Q26 2024 2025 Japan Other Asia Asia1 Achieving disciplined growth through a diversified and differentiated business model – a market leader in Japan, well-positioned to win across both mature and growth markets ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $487 $372 31% $1,632 $1,662 (2%) ($ in millions) ($ in millions) Asia General Account AUM6 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Based on GWP, 2024. 5 Sales on an annualized new premiums (ANP) basis. Quarter-to-date sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the current period average foreign exchange rate, and the full year sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the average foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 6 Asia General Account AUM at amortized cost, on a constant currency basis. 7 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. 131,864 134,331 137,312 139,084 140,660 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 1Q26 7% YOY 22% 18% $626 $766 $2,704 $2,292 Sales Mix5 Overview3 #4 multinational insurer in the region4 Diverse set of product offerings: protection, health and savings products to ~19 million customers in 9 markets Japan is MetLife’s second largest market Leading foreign insurer in Korea Building presence in growth markets: China and India ~60,000 career agents and ~273,000 general agents ~188 bank partners around the region Key Highlights7 • Adjusted earnings2 up 31% on a reported and constant currency basis primarily driven by higher VII and volume growth • Asia General Account AUM6 up 7% driven by strong sales • Sales5 up 22% primarily driven by Japan and Korea

1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Latino Insurance, Based on GWP 2024. Includes Life, Personal accidents and Health as reported to local Insurance regulators. 3 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 4 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 5 AMIS (Asociación Mexicana de Instituciones de Seguros), based on GWP 2025. 6 AACH (Asociación de Aseguradoras de Chile), based on GWP 2025. 7 In terms of GWP among the top 10 companies operating in Brazil. MetLife internal analysis of publicly available information from Superintendência de Seguros Privados. 8 Sales on an ANP basis. Full year sales are using the foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 9 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. Latin America1 #1 life insurer2 in the region – Competitive positioning, strength of franchise and innovative digital capabilities accelerating growth ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings3 $229 $219 5% $902 $877 3% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs) $1,897 $1,513 25% $6,606 $5,936 11% 2025 Sales Distribution Mix82025 Sales Mix8 Mexico 49% Chile 30% Brazil 16% Colombia & Uruguay 5% $1.7 billion Agency 38% Employee Benefits 31% Xcelerator 31% $1.7 billion Overview4 #1 life insurer in Mexico5 and Chile6, and fastgrowing presence in Brazil7 Serving almost 30 million customers across Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Colombia, and Uruguay Diverse set of product offerings: life insurance, retirement, savings, personal accident and health products Well-diversified distribution positioned to capture growth opportunities Key Highlights9 • Adjusted earnings3 up 5% and down 9% on a constant currency basis reflecting unfavorable tax-related items, including the Mexico value-added tax adjustment, partially offset by favorable volume growth and favorable underwriting • Adjusted PFOs up 25% and up 11% on a constant currency basis due to strong growth and solid persistency across the region • Sales up 20% on a constant currency basis, driven by growth across the region

$316 $370 1Q25 1Q26 $1,037 $1,235 FY24 FY25 ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $110 $83 33% $368 $288 28% Adjusted Premiums, Fees, & Other Revenues (PFOs) $797 $668 19% $2,901 $2,548 14% Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA)1 ($ in millions) Sales4 Geographically diverse set of market-segmented protection businesses focused on cash generation 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Overview based on MetLife internal analysis, unless otherwise noted. 4 Sales on an annualized new premiums (ANP) basis. Quarter-to-date sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the current period average foreign exchange rate, and the full year sales are on a constant currency basis calculated using the average foreign exchange rates for each of the respective quarters of the full year presented. 5 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. 17% 19% Overview3 EMEA is MetLife’s most diverse region, with a presence in 23 markets across 3 different continents EMEA is divided into 4 geographies: Europe, Gulf, Levant, and Turkey Leading provider of Bancassurance & Direct Insurance distribution with ~200 partnerships Strong presence across face-to-face distribution networks: • Over 4,000 captive agents • Circa 1,400 brokers and 3rd party networks Key Highlights5 • Adjusted earnings2 up 33% and up 28% on a constant currency basis primarily driven by strong volume growth • Adjusted PFOs up 19% and up 15% on a constant currency basis reflecting strong sales momentum and solid renewal activity across the region • Sales4 up 17% on a constant currency basis reflecting strength across the region

MetLife Investment Management (MIM)1 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 Change in adjusted earnings from 2024 to 2025 for MIM reflects the transition to general account market fees as part of becoming a business segment. 4 As of March 31, 2026. At estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 1Q2026 Total Assets Under Management (Total AUM) Fact Sheet for further information. 4 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. Top-tier global investment management platform backed by robust fundamental research, consistent investment discipline, and differentiated capabilities ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 % change FY25 FY24 % change Adjusted Earnings2 $47 $28 68% $200 $55 264%3 Overview MetLife Investment Management (MIM) is the institutional asset management business of MetLife and includes PineBridge Investments Pinebridge acquisition closed December 2025 Over 155 years of investment experience Long-established global expertise – core capabilities include: • Public fixed income • Private fixed income • Real estate • Equity • Alternatives • Multi-asset solutions • Insurance solutions Diverse investor base: Insurance, Pension, Intermediary (including SubAdvisory), Sovereign Wealth Fund, and Other Tenured senior-investment team: ~1,400 professionals globally across 35 cities Key Highlights5 • Adjusted earnings2 up 68% primarily driven by business growth, including the acquisition of PineBridge and favorable expense margins • Other revenue growth of 44% driven by the PineBridge acquisition and organic growth • Total AUM growth of 22% reflecting the PineBridge acquisition and organic growth across public fixed income and private fixed income Total Assets Under Management (Total AUM)4 By Core Capability

Corporate & Other (C&O)1 ($ in millions) 1Q26 1Q25 FY25 FY24 Adjusted Earnings2 ($177) ($129) ($468) ($339) 1 As of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise noted. 2 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items. 3 As of 1Q26, and all comparisons presented are to 1Q25, unless otherwise noted. Overview Corporate & Other includes various expenses such as corporate overhead, interest expense, and pension costs, as well as the legacy run-off business of MetLife Holdings Also included in C&O are various run-off and developing businesses Key Highlights3 • C&O adjusted loss of ($177) versus an adjusted loss of ($129) in 1Q25 driven by foregone earnings from the prior year strategic reinsurance transactions, lower recurring interest margins, and less favorable expense margins, partially offset by higher VII

Investments & Capital

32.8% 17.2%17.0% 9.0% 7.6% 6.1% 4.0% 3.4% 1.8% 0.4% 0.7% Investment Grade Corporate Mortgage Loans Structured Products Foreign Government U.S. Government and Agency Cash and Short-Term Investments² Corporate Equity Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures Below Investment Grade Corporate Contractholder-Directed Securities Accrued Investment Income Disciplined investment strategy supports a narrower range of outcomes General Account AUM1 Disciplined asset liability management for resiliency across market cycles Diversified, high quality portfolio supported by deep expertise Diversification and expertise enhance relative value $437B 1 As of 3/31/2026, at estimated fair value. See MetLife’s 1Q2026 General Account Assets Under Management Fact Sheet for further information. 2 Cash and Short-Term Investments includes cash equivalents.

17% 17% 17% 19% 19% 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Capital Deployed ($B) $3.2 $2.8 $3.7 $3.6 $3.4 VNB1 ($B) $1.9 $1.9 $2.3 $2.6 $2.6 Payback (years) 6 6 6 5 5 Internal Rate of Return (IRR) Deploying capital at attractive IRR and shorter payback periods 1 Excludes MetLife Holdings; Value of New Business (VNB) is the present value of future profits net of the cost of capital and time value of guarantees from new sales.

4.3 3.3 3.1 3.2 2.9 1.7 1.6 1.6 1.5 1.5 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Share Repurchases Common Stock Dividends Capital returned to shareholders, $B Payout Ratio $4.9 $4.7 $4.7 $4.4 $6.0 78% 86% 84% 81% 73% 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Consistent capital return across environments

$4.5 $5.2 $4.9 $3.6 $3.9 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 1Q26 Holding Company Cash1 Capital Ratings5 • Total cash return to shareholders of ~$1.1 billion in 1Q26 • Share repurchases of ~$750 million in 1Q26 ̶ Year-to-date of ~$950 million; ~$200 million in April 2026 ̶ Common stock dividends of ~$370 million in 1Q26 • 2025 Combined NAIC2 Risk-Based Capital (RBC) ratio3 of 379% above 360% target • Expected total U.S. Statutory Adjusted Capital4 on an NAIC basis of ~$16.2 billion at 3/31/26, down 5% from 12/31/25 • Japan Economic Solvency Ratio (ESR) expected to be at middle of target range of 170% to 190% for fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 $3.0 to $4.0 Cash Buffer Rating Agency Financial Strength6 Debt Rating7 Outlook Moody’s Aa3 A3 Stable S&P Global Ratings AA- A- Stable Fitch Ratings AA- A- Stable AM Best A+ a- Stable Strong capital, liquidity and ratings Our robust balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to weather storms and take advantage of market opportunities ($ in billions) 1 Includes cash and liquid assets at MetLife, Inc. and other holding companies at quarter-end. 2 National Association of Insurance Commissioners. 3 Includes MetLife, Inc.’s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company. MetLife calculates RBC annually as of December 31, and accordingly, the calculation does not reflect conditions and factors occurring after the year end. 4 Includes MetLife, Inc.'s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company for both periods 5 As of 4/29/2026. 6 Ratings for Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company. 7 Ratings for MetLife, Inc. senior unsecured notes.

Purpose & Culture

Energizing our People Sustainability1 at MetLife: 83% — 2025 Favorability for Engagement on MyVoice (alltime high); +10 percentage points since 2019 #10 on Fortune World’s 25 Best Workplaces 33 markets recognized with Great Place to Work® certification3 Caring for our Customers 80% — 2025 Favorability for Customer Focus Score on MyVoice; +13% percentage points since 2019 +19 points on relationship Net Promoter Score: reflecting our commitment to a customer-focused approach4 ~$50B in benefits delivered to policyholders in 20255 Supporting our Communities Named to Fortune World’s Most Admired CompaniesTM List, ranked No. 1 in the Insurance: Life and Health industry6 160,000+ volunteer hours completed in 2025 $31M+ MetLife Foundation grants in 2025 Delivering for our Shareholders Deploying capital to its highest and best use: $4.4B capital retuned7 to shareholders in 2025 $3.4B of capital deployed, generating $2.6B of VNB8 1 For more information on sustainability at MetLife, refer to the sustainability website at www.MetLife.com/sustainability. 2 World’s Best Workplaces list (2025). 3 Great Place to Work (2025). 4 Average relationship Net Promoter Score improvement across priority markets from 2020 to 2025. 5 Represents benefits to policyholders including claim- and reserve-related activity. 6 From Fortune. ©2026 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. 7 Includes common stock dividends and share repurchases. 8 Reflects value of new business and capital deployed in 2024. Living our purpose Delivering for our people, our customers, our communities, and our shareholders

Eric Clurfain Regional President, Latin America Over 25 years in the industry Deep and experienced executive leadership team A diverse and engaged set of insurance and financial services leaders Michel Khalaf President and Chief Executive Officer Over 35 years in the industry Monica Curtis Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Head of Government & Legal Affairs Over 15 years in the industry Marlene Debel Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer, and Head of MetLife Insurance Investments Over 30 years in the industry Bill Pappas Executive Vice President, Head of Global Technology and Operations Over 30 years in the industry Nuria Garcia Regional President, EMEA, and Head of Global Sustainability Over 25 years in the industry Lyndon Oliver Regional President, Asia Over 35 years in the industry John McCallion Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Head of MetLife Investment Management Over 25 years in the industry For more information about MetLife’s executive leadership team refer to the Corporate Governance section of MetLife’s website: https://www.metlife.com/about-us/corporate-governance/ourexecutive-leadership-team/ Shurawl Sibblies Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Over 25 years in the industry Michael Roberts Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer Over 25 years in the industry Ramy Tadros Regional President, U.S. Business, and Head of MetLife Holdings Over 20 years in the industry

Appendix

Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements The forward-looking statements in this presentation, using words such as “anticipate,” “are confident,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms, are based on assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, including the “Risk Factors” MetLife, Inc. describes in its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings. MetLife’s future results could differ, and it does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any of these statements.

Explanatory Note on Non-GAAP and Other Financial Information Any references in this presentation (except in this Explanatory Note on Non-GAAP and Other Financial Information and Reconciliations) to: Should be read as, respectively: (i) net income (loss) (i) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (ii) net income (loss) per share (ii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (iii) adjusted earnings (iii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (iv) adjusted earnings per share (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share (v) book value per share (v) book value per common share (vi) adjusted book value per share (vi) adjusted book value per common share (vii) return on equity (vii) return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity (viii) adjusted return on equity (viii) adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity In this presentation, MetLife presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). MetLife believes that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance our investors’ understanding of MetLife’s performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment. The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues (i) premiums, fees and other revenues (ii) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT (ii) premiums, fees and other revenues (iii) adjusted capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) (iii) capitalization of DAC (iv) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (iv) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (v) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items (v) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders (vi) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share (vi) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (vii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share (vii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders per diluted common share (viii) adjusted return on equity (viii) return on equity (ix) adjusted return on equity, excluding total notable items (ix) return on equity (x) adjusted other expenses (x) other expenses (xi) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC (xi) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC (xii) adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses (xii) other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC (xiii) adjusted expense ratio (xiii) expense ratio (xiv) adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT (xiv) expense ratio (xv) direct expenses (xv) other expenses (xvi) direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses (xvi) other expenses (xvii) direct expense ratio (xvii) expense ratio (xviii) direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT (xviii) expense ratio (xix) free cash flows of all holding companies (xix) MetLife, Inc. (parent company) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Financial Information (Continued) Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income (loss). Any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the current period and applied to the comparable prior period (“constant currency basis”). Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this presentation and in this period’s earnings materials, which are available at MetLife’s Investor Relations webpage (https://investor.metlife.com). MetLife’s definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this presentation may differ from those used by other companies: Adjusted earnings and related measures • adjusted earnings; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share; • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items per diluted common share; and • adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis. Adjusted earnings is used by MetLife’s chief operating decision maker, its chief executive officer, to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is MetLife’s GAAP measure of segment performance. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management’s and many other employees’ performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. Adjusted earnings and related measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of MetLife’s performance relative to its business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. Adjusted earnings, along with the related adjusted revenues, adjusted expenses and adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, focus on our primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of (i) market volatility which could distort trends, (ii) asymmetrical and non-economic accounting, (iii) revenues and costs related to divested businesses, and (iv) other adjustments. Also, adjusted earnings and related measures exclude results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Market volatility can have a significant impact on MetLife’s financial results. Adjusted earnings excludes net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) and goodwill impairments. Further, net investment income is adjusted to exclude similar items relating to joint ventures accounted for under the equity method (“Joint venture adjustments”), and policyholder benefits and claims exclude (i) changes in the discount rate on certain annuitization guarantees accounted for as additional liabilities and (ii) market value adjustments.

Financial Information (Continued) Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Universal life and investment-type product policy fees exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Net investment income includes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment (“Investment hedge adjustments”). • Other revenues include settlements of foreign currency earnings hedges and exclude asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Policyholder benefits and claims excludes (i) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments, (ii) asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance, and (iii) non-economic losses incurred at contract inception for certain single premium annuity business. These losses are amortized into adjusted earnings within policyholder benefits and claims over the estimated lives of the contracts. • Policyholder liability remeasurement gains (losses) excludes asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. • Interest credited to policyholder account balances excludes amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass-through adjustments and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. “Divested businesses” are those that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under GAAP. Divested businesses also include the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under GAAP and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by MetLife that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under GAAP. Other adjustments are made in calculating adjusted earnings: • Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, net investment income excludes depreciation of wholly-owned real estate and real estate joint ventures. • Net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances exclude certain amounts related to contractholder-directed equity securities (“Unit-linked contract income” and “Unit-linked contract costs”). • Net investment income and other expenses exclude Reinsurance activity (as defined below). • Net investment income and interest expense on debt exclude amounts related to collateralized financing entities that are consolidated variable interest entities. • Other revenues and other expenses exclude asset management distribution fees on funds that are passed through to distribution partners. • Other revenues include fee revenue on synthetic guaranteed interest contracts (“GICs”) accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • Other expenses exclude (i) amortization and impairment of asset management intangible assets, (ii) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements and other costs, and (iii) acquisition, integration and other related costs. Other expenses include (i) deductions for net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests, and (ii) benefits accrued on synthetic GICs accounted for as freestanding derivatives. • “Reinsurance activity” relates to amounts subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the reinsurers and (ii) the corresponding invested assets and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under GAAP business combination accounting guidance. The tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above are calculated net of the U.S. or foreign statutory tax rate, which could differ from MetLife’s effective tax rate. Additionally, the provision for income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms. In addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders. Investment portfolio gains (losses) and derivative gains (losses) These are measures of investment and hedging activity. Investment portfolio gains (losses) principally excludes amounts that are reported within net investment gains (losses) but do not relate to the performance of the investment portfolio, such as gains (losses) on sales and divestitures of businesses, as well as investment portfolio gains (losses) of divested businesses. Derivative gains (losses) principally excludes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives, where such derivatives are either hedges of investments or are used to replicate certain investments, and where such derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. This earned income and amortization of premium is reported within adjusted earnings and not within derivative gains (losses).

Financial Information (Continued) Return on equity and related measures • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) and the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, all net of income tax. • Total MetLife, Inc.’s adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: total MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of AOCI, the estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives and total notable items, all net of income tax. • Return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.’s common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity. • Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.’s common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, divided by MetLife, Inc.’s average adjusted common stockholders’ equity, excluding total notable items. The above measures represent a level of equity that excludes most components of AOCI, such as unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets, and future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), as well as the impact of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, as these amounts are primarily driven by market volatility. Expense ratio, direct expense ratio, adjusted expense ratio and related measures • Expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues. • Direct expense ratio: direct expenses divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. Direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third-party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses. • Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and PRT: direct expenses, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. • Adjusted expense ratio: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. • Adjusted expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses and PRT: adjusted other expenses, net of adjusted capitalization of DAC, excluding total notable items related to adjusted other expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT. Assets Under Management (“AUM”) • Total Assets Under Management (“Total AUM”) is comprised of MIM GA AUM plus Institutional Client AUM (each, as defined below). • MIM General Account AUM (“MIM GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe the portion of GA AUM (as defined below) that MetLife Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates (“MIM”) manages or advises. • General Account AUM (“GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe assets in its general account (“GA”) investment portfolio. GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of GA total investments, the portion of the GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, certain contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures included in GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. Classification of GA AUM by sector is based on the nature and characteristics of the underlying investments which can vary from how they are classified under GAAP. Accordingly, the underlying investments within certain real estate and real estate joint ventures that are primarily commercial mortgage loans (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been reclassified to exclude them from real estate and real estate joint ventures and include them as commercial mortgage loans. • Institutional Client AUM is comprised of SA AUM plus Reinsurance AUM plus TP AUM (each, as defined below). MIM manages or advises Institutional Client AUM in accordance with client guidelines contained in each investment advisory agreement. ◦ Separate Account AUM (“SA AUM”) is comprised of separate account investment portfolios, which are managed or advised by MIM and included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. ◦ Reinsurance AUM is comprised of GA assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, which are managed or advised by MIM and are generally included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. ◦ Third-Party AUM (“TP AUM”) is comprised of non-proprietary assets managed or advised by MIM on behalf of unaffiliated/third-party clients, which are stated at estimated fair value, as well as accrued investment income on such assets. Such non-proprietary assets are owned by unaffiliated/third-party clients and, accordingly, are generally not included in MetLife, Inc.’s consolidated financial statements.

Financial Information (Continued) Assets Under Management (Continued) • Asia General Account AUM (“Asia GA AUM”) is used by MetLife to describe assets in its Asia GA investment portfolio. Asia GA AUM is stated at estimated fair value and is comprised of Asia GA total investments, the portion of the Asia GA investment portfolio classified within assets held-for-sale, cash and cash equivalents, and accrued investment income on such assets, and excludes policy loans, certain contractholder-directed equity securities, fair value option securities, mortgage loans originated for third parties, assets subject to ceded reinsurance arrangements with third parties and joint ventures, and certain other invested assets. Mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures included in Asia GA AUM (at net asset value, net of deduction for encumbering debt) have been adjusted from carrying value to estimated fair value. At the segment level, intersegment balances (intercompany activity, primarily related to investments in subsidiaries that eliminate at the MetLife consolidated level) are excluded from Asia GA AUM. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) excludes the following adjustments: (i) unrealized gain (loss) on investments carried at estimated fair value and (ii) adjustments from carrying value to estimated fair value on mortgage loans and real estate and real estate joint ventures. Asia GA AUM (at amortized cost) is presented net of related allowance for credit loss. Other items The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of MetLife’s performance: • Statistical sales information: • Group Benefits: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring premium policy sales of all products. • Retirement and Income Solutions: calculated using 10% of single premium contracts, on and off-balance sheet deposits, and the contract value for new U.K. longevity reinsurance contracts, and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees only from recurring premium policy sales of specialized benefit resources and corporate-owned life insurance. • Asia, Latin America and EMEA: calculated using 10% of single premium deposits (mainly from retirement products such as variable annuity, fixed annuity and pensions), 20% of single premium deposits from credit insurance and 100% of annualized full-year premiums and fees from recurring-premium policy sales of all products (mainly from risk and protection products such as individual life, accident & health and group). Sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. • Volume growth, where cited, represents the change in certain measures of our segment results, including adjusted earnings, attributable to business growth, applying a model in which certain margins and factors are held constant, the most significant of which are underwriting margins, investment margins, changes in equity market performance, expense margins and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. • PRT includes U.K. funded reinsurance. • Institutional net flows reflect Institutional Client AUM total fund additions less withdrawals. • “Third-party mortgage loan activity” relates to amounts associated with mortgage loans originated and acquired for third parties, including (i) the related investment returns and expenses which are passed through to the third-party lenders and (ii) the corresponding mortgage loan assets. • We refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. The observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. This includes the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results. • Notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect MetLife’s results, but that were unknown and that MetLife could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. Notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of MetLife’s results and to evaluate and forecast those results. Notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. • Holding company cash and liquid assets are held by MetLife, Inc. collectively with other MetLife holding companies and include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. • MetLife uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. MetLife defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at MetLife’s holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. This measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. Free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP. The free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders.

Common Shareholders to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders 1Q26 1Q25 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted1 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted1 (In millions, except per share data) Net Income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 1,140 $ 1.74 $ 879 $ 1.28 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (670) (1.02) (387) (0.56) Less: Net derivative gains (losses) 74 0.11 432 0.63 Less: Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) (120) (0.18) (299) (0.44) Less: Other adjustments to net income (loss) 77 0.11 (234) (0.33) Less: Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 170 0.26 23 0.03 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests (23) (0.04) 5 0.01 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 1,586 2.42 1,349 1.96 Less: Total notable items — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,349 $ 1.96 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,384 $ 2.01 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a $ 1,586 $ 2.42 $ 1,384 $ 2.01 constant currency basis Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 655.7 687.0 1Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share.

Common Shareholders to Adjusted Earnings Available to Common Shareholders FY25 FY24 FY191 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share Diluted2 (In millions, except per share data) Net Income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders $ 3,173 $ 4.71 $ 4,226 $ 5.94 $ 5,721 $ 6.06 Adjustments from net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Less: Net investment gains (losses) (1,145) (1.70) (1,184) (1.67) 444 0.47 Less: Net derivative gains (losses) (1,939) (2.88) (1,623) (2.28) 628 0.66 Less: Market risk benefit remeasurement gains (losses) 508 0.75 1,109 1.56 — — Less: Other adjustments to net income (loss) (789) (1.17) (541) (0.76) (881) (0.93) Less: Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 631 0.94 687 0.97 (227) (0.24) Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests 24 0.04 18 0.03 10 0.01 Add: Preferred stock redemption premium 12 0.02 — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders 5,943 8.83 5,796 8.15 5,767 6.11 Less: Total notable items (43) (0.06) 26 0.04 47 0.05 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 5,986 $ 8.89 $ 5,770 $ 8.11 $ 5,720 $ 6.06 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 5,986 Less: Corporate & Other adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items (468) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding Corporate & Other and total notable items $ 6,454 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 673.3 711.1 944.4 1Financial results for 2019 are presented on a pre-Long-Duration Targeted Improvements (LDTI) basis. 2Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, per diluted common share is calculated on a standalone basis and may not equal (i) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders per diluted common share, less (ii) total notable items per diluted common share.

Common Shareholders, Excluding Total Notable Items 1Q26 Group Benefits1 RIS1 Asia Latin America EMEA MIM1 Corporate & Other1 (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 439 $ 451 $ 487 $ 229 $ 110 $ 47 $ (177) Less: Total notable items — — — — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 439 $ 451 $ 487 $ 229 $ 110 $ 47 $ (177) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis $ 487 $ 229 $ 110 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 487 $ 229 $ 110 1Q25 Group Benefits1 RIS1 Asia Latin America EMEA MIM1 Corporate & Other1 (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 370 $ 406 $ 372 $ 219 $ 83 $ 28 $ (129) Less: Total notable items — — — — — — — Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 370 $ 406 $ 372 $ 219 $ 83 $ 28 $ (129) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, on a constant currency basis $ 372 $ 251 $ 86 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items, on a constant currency basis $ 372 $ 251 $ 86 1Results on a constant currency basis are not included as constant currency impact is not significant.

Common Shareholders, Excluding Total Notable Items FY25 Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MIM Corporate & Other (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 1,692 $ 1,671 $ 1,702 $ 798 $ 367 $ 200 $ (487) Less: Total notable items (2) 13 70 (104) (1) — (19) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,694 $ 1,658 $ 1,632 $ 902 $ 368 $ 200 $ (468) FY24 Group Benefits RIS Asia Latin America EMEA MIM Corporate & Other (In millions) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders $ 1,606 $ 1,667 $ 1,621 $ 881 $ 283 $ 55 $ (317) Less: Total notable items (58) 104 (41) 4 (5) — 22 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, excluding total notable items $ 1,664 $ 1,563 $ 1,662 $ 877 $ 288 $ 55 $ (339)

Equity Details FY25 FY24 (In millions) Equity Details Total MetLife, Inc.'s stockholders' equity $ 28,398 $ 27,445 Less: Preferred stock 2,830 3,818 MetLife, Inc.'s common stockholders' equity 25,568 23,627 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (15,614) (19,402) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (1,588) 370 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax 6,871 6,529 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (97) (71) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (1,393) (1,442) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax1 (8) (129) Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity 37,397 37,772 Less: Accumulated year-to-date total notable items, net of income tax (43) 26 Total MetLife, Inc.'s adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,440 $ 37,746 Average Common Stockholders' Equity Average common stockholders' equity $ 24,570 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity $ 37,415 Average adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items $ 37,420 1Ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives excluded are those where the total return on a portfolio of invested assets is passed through to the reinsurers.

Book Value and Return on Equity 1Q26 1Q25 FY25 FY24 Book Value1 Book value per common share $ 37.92 $ 35.16 $ 39.02 $ 34.28 Less: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets and income tax (30.00) (25.74) (23.83) (28.15) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax (1.57) 0.27 (2.42) 0.54 Future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax 13.94 7.92 10.49 9.46 Market risk benefits instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses), net of income tax (0.09) (0.05) (0.15) (0.10) Defined benefit plans adjustment, net of income tax (2.13) (2.10) (2.13) (2.09) Estimated fair value of certain ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives, net of income tax 2 0.36 (0.15) (0.01) (0.19) Adjusted book value per common share $ 57.41 $ 55.01 $ 57.07 $ 54.81 Common shares outstanding, end of period 646.0 673.3 655.3 689.2 Return on Equity Return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Common stockholders' equity 12.9 % Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc.'s: Adjusted common stockholders' equity 15.9 % Adjusted common stockholders' equity, excluding total notable items 16.0 % 1Book values exclude $2,830 million, $3,818 million, $2,830 million, and $3,818 million of equity related to preferred stock at March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025, December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. 2Ceded reinsurance-related embedded derivatives excluded are those where the total return on a portfolio of invested assets is passed through to the reinsurers.

Adjusted Premiums, Fees and Other Revenues 1Q26 1Q25 FY25 FY24 (In millions) Group Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 6,539 $ 6,430 Less: Participating contracts 1,455 1,553 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding participating contracts $ 5,084 $ 4,877 RIS Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 2,390 $ 2,457 $ 12,262 $ 8,594 Less: PRT 843 1,476 7,569 4,849 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding PRT $ 1,547 $ 981 $ 4,693 $ 3,745 Latin America Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 1,897 $ 1,513 $ 6,606 $ 5,936 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 1,897 $ 1,704 EMEA Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues $ 797 $ 668 $ 2,901 $ 2,548 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, on a constant currency basis $ 797 $ 695