=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS EDITED TRANSCRIPT PFE.N - Q2 2025 Pfizer Inc Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: AUGUST 05, 2025 / 2:00PM GMT

OVERVIEW: Company Summary REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Francesca DeMartino Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer, Senior Vice President Albert Bourla Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer David Denton Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Aamir Malik Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Chris Boshoff Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer, President-Research & Development Alexandre De Germay Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief International Commercial Officer Andrew Baum Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Trung Huynh UBS Equities - Analyst Christopher Schott JPMorgan - Analyst Alexandria Hammond Wolfe Research LLC - Analyst Mohit Bansal Wells Fargo Securities LLC - Analyst Courtney Breen Bernstein Research - Analyst David Risinger Leerink Partners - Analyst Kerry Holford Berenberg - Analyst Evan Seigerman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst Carter Gould Cantor Fitzgerald - Analyst Asad Haider Goldman Sachs - Analyst Umer Raffat Evercore ISI - Analyst Rajesh Kumar HSBC - Analyst Timothy Anderson BofA Global Research - Analyst Steve Scala TD Cowen - Analyst Terence Flynn Morgan Stanley - Analyst PRESENTATION Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to Pfizer's second-quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am. Francesca DeMartino - Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer, Senior Vice President Good morning and welcome to Pfizer's earnings call. I'm Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On behalf of the Pfizer team, thank you for joining us. This call is being made available via audio webcast at Pfizer.com. Earlier this morning, we released our results for the second quarter of 2025 via a press release that is available on our website at Pfizer.com. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

I'm joined today by Dr. Albert Bourla, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Denton, our CFO. Albert and Dave have some prepared remarks, and we will then open the call for questions. Members of our leadership team will be available for the Q&A session. Before we get started, I want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements and discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. I encourage you to read the disclaimers in our slide presentation, the press release we issued this morning, and the disclosures in our SEC filings, which are all available on the IR website on Pfizer.com. Forward-looking statements on the call are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that speak only as of the call's original date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Albert. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you Francesca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Our business is performing well, and I'm pleased with the progress we achieved in the second quarter. We advanced and strengthened our R&D pipeline, we worked to maximize the value of our commercial portfolio, and made further strides to expand our markets. We continue to be actively engaged with policymakers as we navigate the complicated and rapidly evolving geopolitical environment, while also remaining focused on advancing our business. With our strong year-to-date performance, we are raising our Adjusted diluted EPS guidance for full-year 2025 and remain committed to our dividend. Our programs to expand margins through focused technology and simplification are working very well. We are driving productivity gains by leveraging technologies such as AI and automation. And we are also realizing the benefit of continued streamlining across our company. We believe Pfizer is well-positioned to continue creating meaningful value for patients and our shareholders. Our top strategic priority this year is, of course, improving R&D productivity. I'm proud of the outcomes we are driving and the meaningful milestones achieved during the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe key programs in our R&D portfolio offer significant opportunities to help address substantial patient need and drive Pfizer's growth in the coming years. I will mention some highlights. ELREXFIO is a medicine that is performing very well with rapid growth and encouraging progress in claiming leading class share in new markets such as Japan, United Kingdom, and Spain. The clinical data in ELREXFIO’s initial heavily treated triple class exposed multiple myeloma indication, continue to be encouraging with medium overall survival of greater than two years, which is more than double the historical median overall survival in this population. Moreover, the majority of responding patients are maintaining their response at 30 months, and ELREXFIO has the potential to be a leading standard of care with a differentiated clinical profile. It is a convenient, subcutaneous, fixed dosing regimen, the only one, that now includes a once-every-four-week option for select days. New data presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in newly diagnosed patients demonstrate ELREXFIO's potential to move to earlier multiple myeloma treatment settings. This data from part one of the MagnetisMM-6 study saw a confirmed response rate greater than 97%. And the manageable safety profile in combination with daratumumab and lenalidomide. The randomized portion of this Phase 3 study is now enrolling very well. By executing on MagnetisMM-6 and ELREXFIO's other ongoing Phase 3 trials, we aim to achieve label expansion, that, if approved, would collectively increase the addressable population, approximately fivefold, in the growing multiple myeloma market, expected to reach approximately $44 billion by year '27. Sigvotatug vedotin or SV is our first-in-class integrin-beta 6 ADC that could be a driver of growth later this decade. We are executing a robust development program with this investigational compound in non-small cell lung cancer. This includes our fully enrolled Phase 3 of SV monotherapy versus docetaxel in previously treated non-squamous patients that we expect data from next year. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

In the second line-plus population, we have observed a durable 31% confirmed response rate which is favorable versus historical data with the docetaxel monotherapy. We are also enrolling a Phase 3 study of SV in combination with a PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor in first line non-small cell lung cancer with high PD-L1 expression based on encouraging Phase 1 data for this combination recently presented at ASCO. These results saw a 57% response rate and greater than 90% disease control, including responses in outpatients in the tumor proportion score greater than 50% subgroup which compares favorably to historical anti-PD-1 monotherapy. These results support an ambition to change standards of care to conventional chemotherapy-sparing regimens by leveraging the potential synergy between vedotin ADCs and PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors. With our ongoing and planned trials in non-small cell lung cancer, SV has the potential to impact large patient population with the non-small cell lung cancer market expected to reach over $60 billion for year 2030. Our strategy is intended to deliver a first approval in previously-treated patients before moving into the first line setting, which is non-small cell lung cancer and includes more than half a million global patients. In a hematology, we continue to promote the differentiated profile of HYMPAVZI. In the quarter, we start positive topline data from the Phase 3b study evaluating HYMPAVZI for adults and adolescents with hemophilia A or B. The studies cohort of patients with inhibitors met its primary point, demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful 93% reduction in annualized bleeding rate, compared to on-demand treatment in patients 12 years or older which compares favorably to recent approved products for hemophilia A and hemophilia B. These results further strengthen HYMPAVZI's differentiated profile as the first once-weekly fixed dose subcutaneous treatment for hemophilia A or B, administered in a convenient prefilled auto-injector pen. They also support the potential to expand its label to patients with hemophilia who develop inhibitors to factor replacement as we continue to execute on its launch in the previously-approved non-inhibitor population. We have seen considerable quarter-over-quarter growth particularly in the hemophilia B market where subcutaneous treatments are only recently available. And following EU and Japan approvals at the end of last year, we are seeking reimbursement on pursuing early access pathways in other international markets as we grow our presence in the hemophilia market projected to reach nearly $10 billion for year 2030. Moving to our vaccine portfolio. We are enthusiastic about our potential to deliver the first approved vaccine for C. difficile infection. Our second generation investigational vaccine candidate builds upon encouraging results from the prior Phase 3 global trial of our first generation candidate. This trial has demonstrated 100% efficacy against medically attended C. diff infection despite not achieving the study's primary endpoint. With our second generation C. diff vaccine formulation, we have the potential to simplify the dosing schedule from three to two [doses] (corrected by company after the call). This candidate, now in Phase 2, increased the strength of the immune response fourfold, compared to the first-generation vaccine. Based on this newly announced Phase 2 data, we are preparing for a Phase 3 start before the end of this year. We will incorporate learnings from the previous CLOVER study to develop new primary endpoints focused on the prevention of severe disease outcomes rather than primary infection. If approved, the vaccine could significantly reduce the healthcare burden of the nearly 500,000 annual C. diff infections and approximately 30,000 annual deaths in the US alone. In another one of our Phase 3 products, we finished dosing the last phase in our study of a vaccine candidate for Lyme disease. If successful, we expect to submit for approval next year. We also continue to strengthen our portfolio by harnessing external innovation through strategic business development. The recent closing of our Global ex-China in-licensing agreement with 3SBio grants us exclusive rights to develop, manufacture, and commercialize SSGJ-707, a bispecific antibody. Targeting PD-1 and VEGF, it has the potential to deliver breakthroughs for patients in the next way in PD-1 immunotherapy which is an established $55 billion market. With comparing monotherapy data in advanced non-small cell lung cancer presented recently at ASCO, we review this promising cancer immunotherapy candidate as a seamless fit within Pfizer's oncology strategy. Given our deep experience in the development of antibody therapeutics and our differentiated industry-leading portfolio of ADCs, we intend to serve the data later this year for our plans for a Phase 3 program. With REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Pfizer's established presence and global reach, we believe SSGJ-707 has the potential to become a backbone therapy for multiple solid tumor types where the PD-1/VEGF mechanism could have significant impact. Across our pipeline, we continue to sharpen our focus on programs where the strength of our capabilities give us the greatest opportunities to address substantial patient need. We look forward to sharing future updates about our programs. Now let's move to commercial. Our commercial strategy is unlocking higher productivity and performance across both, our US and international divisions. With several of our established brands, we are pleased with our continued market leadership and growth. We delivered another solid quarter for our Vyndaqel family with 21% year-over-year operational growth. These products are the foundation of care for patients with a serious heart condition, ATTR cardiomyopathy, and we continue to see strong progress in diagnosing patients and providing broad access. While we continue to closely monitor the competitive impact of new entrants, we believe the Vyndaqel family is differentiated with a strong clinical profile contributed to continued volume growth. With Eliquis, we are the clear leader with robust demand in a growing anticoagulant market. Our international commercial teams are driving higher growth versus the market in our key countries with effective engagement with health care professionals to reinforce the favorable profile of these medicines. In the US, the BMS-Pfizer alliance recently announced a new direct to patient option for purchasing Eliquis via the alliances patient resource Eliquis 360 some more. This option offers an insured, under-insured or self-pay patients an opportunity to significantly lower out-of-pocket costs for Eliquis. Among some of our recently launched acquired brands, we are seeing strong underlying demand in competitive classes as we work to build expanded access and greater awareness and loyalty, of course, among health care professionals. With NURTEC, we continue driving strong commercial execution. We are pleased with the performance of new consumer campaigns and greater precision and effectiveness in serving compelling clinical data with health care processor. In the US, we achieved strong growth in total prescriptions and with 47% market share maintain leadership in the oral CGRP class, offset by pressures on net revenues from the impact of the IRA medical Part D redesign and the 340B program Internationally, we are achieving strong performance in several key markets where we already have access and are encouraged by the potential to unlock additional opportunities by continuing to expand the Padcev, a new -- a key product in our oncology portfolio is demonstrating strong performance and to see multiple avenues for future growth. Our ADC for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced metastatic urothelial cancer achieved high year-over-year operational growth of 38% in the quarter with growing demand and the onetime favorable impact from to a wholesale distribution model for products. Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab has secured market share greater than 50% in first-line LA metastatic UC and is the standard of care first-line treatment. Additionally, we continue to anticipate Phase 3 readouts for PCV in muscle invasive bladder cancer in two ongoing studies. If successful and approved, we expect a significant expanded opportunity to treat patients with bladder cancer focused on the approximately 28,000 in the US with MIBC, approximately 80% of whom undergo cystectomy. Cibinqo had strong 46% year-over-year operational growth with the quarter, driven by higher demand in the US and growth in key international markets where we have decided to focus. We believe there is additional market opportunities for Cibinqo responding to the need among patients with atopic dermatitis. We are seeing the clear impact of recent positive data released for several of our oncology products. It is contributing to strong growth in helping to establish these products as standard of care. LORBRENA achieved 48% year-over-year operational growth in the quarter, and we expect continued strength through 2025. It has a compelling efficacy profile supported by the CROWN study where the median progression free survival was not reached after five years of follow-up. LORBRENA is emerging as a standard of care for patients with first-line ALK-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We saw continued momentum with Braftovi and Mektovi with 23% year-over-year operational growth in the second quarter. Results from the Phase 3 BREAKWATER trial saw the Braftovi combination regimen doubled median overall survival versus standard of care for treatment-naive patients with metastatic colorectal cancer with BRAF V600E-mutation. This represents a significant advancement of the approximately 4,000 patients diagnosed annually in the US with metastatic colorectal cancer with this mutation. They face a more than twofold greater mortality risk compared to patients with no BRAF mutation. XTANDI contributed strong 14% operational growth during this quarter. Demand is growing for patients with castration-sensitive prostate cancer and it is the top prescribed branded antigen receptor pathway inhibitor. With the presentation long-term overall survival data from the ARCHES trial, XTANDI is now the first and only androgen receptor pathway inhibitor to demonstrate an overall survival benefit at five years in men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. We also recently served positive top line results from the Phase 3 EMBARK study, making XTANDI the first and only androgen receptor inhibitor-based regimen to demonstrate overall survival benefit in non-metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer with high-risk biochemical recurrence. This contributed to demand growth for XTANDI and we achieved 27% share in new-to-brand prescription. This positive indicate how we are continuing to invest and focus in areas where we have leadership and expertise, contributed to ongoing progress with our oncology portfolio. The strong performance in the US and the international divisions show why we remain confident in the commercial strategy we refined more than a year ago. In the quarter, for example, the key market and brand combination, we prioritized in our international divisions are outperforming with strong mid- to high single-digit growth across all regions. We will continue to advance this commercial strategy and expect to drive further progress through precision targeting engagement with patients and health care profession. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave, who will walk through our additional strategic priorities and progress with expanding margins and optimizing capital allocation. Dave? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Thank you, Albert, and good morning. To begin this morning, let me emphasize that our solid financial results are a clear reflection of our disciplined execution and strategic priorities. We remain focused on improving patient outcomes and meeting our financial goals while managing the complexities of the external environment. Our cost improvement initiatives have contributed to greater organizational efficiencies as demonstrated by our robust operating margins achieved this quarter. Going forward, we expect to improve our cash flow, reduce our debt leverage over time and increased flexibility across our three capital allocation pillars. Our focus remains on creating long-term shareholder value. We will continue to invest in our business for the long term while prudently returning capital to our shareholders. Now let me start with our second quarter results, then I'll touch on our capital allocation priorities and then move to our cost improvement initiatives. I'll finish with a few comments on the macro environment as well as our 2025 guidance. For the second quarter 2025, we recorded revenues of $14.7 billion, an increase of 10% operationally. This increase was largely due to overall growth, both in the US and internationally. Partially offsetting the increase was an $825 million year-over-year unfavorable impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D redesign, which took effect in the first quarter of '25, and overall is largely in line with our expectations. On the bottom line, second quarter 2025 reported diluted earnings per share was $0.51, and Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.78, ahead of our expectations, primarily due to strong top line performance and our cost management execution. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of our refined commercial strategy. We remain committed to prioritizing key products and markets, optimizing the global allocation of our commercial field resources and concentrating our marketing efforts on high priority areas. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We saw strong contributions across our product portfolio, primarily driven by the Vyndaqel family, PAXLOVID, and Eliquis, partially offset by declines in IBRANCE. Also, I'd like to highlight a significant trend within our portfolio that we expect to fuel the company's top line for the next several years. Year-to-date, Pfizer's recently launched and acquired products delivered $4.7 billion in revenue while growing approximately 15% operationally versus last year. We plan to continue to invest behind these two product groups to drive their future performance and help enable the company to largely offset our LOEs over the next several years. Adjusted gross margin for the second quarter was approximately 76%, primarily reflecting the product mix within the quarter. Looking at our Adjusted gross margin performance over the last two years, we have largely achieved percentages in the mid to upper 70s when adjusting for COMIRNATY, which, as you know, has a 50-50 gross profit split with our partner, BioNTech. In addition, we believe the expected $1.5 billion savings from our Phase I of our manufacturing optimization program by the end of '27 will help bolster gross margins as we transition through the LOE period. Maintaining a strong emphasis on cost management throughout our manufacturing network will continue to be a key priority. Total Adjusted operating expenses were $5.8 billion for the second quarter, an 8% decline operationally versus last year. Now looking at the components, Adjusted SI&A expenses decreased 8% operationally, primarily reflecting a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products as a result of our focused investments and ongoing productivity improvements. Adjusted R&D expenses decreased 9% operationally, driven primarily by a decline in spending due to pipeline optimization expected to be reinvested later this year and into next year. We continue to be disciplined with our operational expense management. Q2 reported diluted earnings per share was $0.51 and our Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.78, which benefited from our efficient operating structure in addition to our effective tax rate primarily driven by a favorable change in jurisdictional mix of earnings. Now let me quickly touch on our capital allocation strategy, which is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value. Our strategy consists of maintaining and growing our dividend over time, reinvesting in our business at an appropriate level of financial return and making value-enhancing share repurchases. In the first half of 2025, we returned $4.9 billion to shareholders via our quarterly dividend and we invested $4.7 billion in internal R&D. As previously mentioned, maintaining our gross leverage at an appropriate level is a key priority towards improving our capacity for business development. Our gross leverage at the end of the second quarter was approximately 2.7 times, which we are now setting as our new target, down from 3.25 times. During Q2, we announced the licensing agreement with 3SBio, which closed in July of 2025. Our business development capacity is now approximately $13 billion following the 3SBio deal. Lastly, first half 2025 operating cash flows at $1.8 billion was tempered primarily by large expected payments in the second quarter, including an approximately $2.1 billion TCJA repatriate in tax payment and our payment to BioNTech for our gross profit split. We expect to see improved cash flows in the back half of this year. Overall, we are focused on maintaining leverage at or below our new target to support a balanced allocation of capital between reinvestment and direct return to our shareholders. We continue to be disciplined with our operational expense management, progressing multiple improvement programs as we remain focused on driving operating margin expansion over the coming years. We expect to begin realizing initial savings from the Phase 1 manufacturing optimization program in the latter part of this year. As part of our goal to return to pre-pandemic operating margin, we remain on track to deliver on our goal of at least $4.5 billion in cumulative net cost savings from our ongoing cost realignment program by the end of this year. As a reminder, in total, we expect approximately $7.7 billion in savings by the end of '27 to drive operating efficiencies, strengthening our business with the potential of contributing significantly to our bottom line over the period. Of these savings, approximately $500 million identified in R&D will be reinvested in the pipeline, which we expect by the end of '26. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Now with that, let me turn to our full year '25 guidance. The pharmaceutical industry continues to navigate a complex global landscape influenced by rapidly changing proposed trade and tariff policies. Strategies to help mitigate the potential impact on our business in the short term have been implemented. And we continue to evaluate opportunities and develop plans, which will help mitigate the potential long-term impact of tariffs on our business and our operations. That said, the company's guidance absorbs the impact of the currently imposed tariffs from China, Canada and Mexico as well as potential price changes this year based on the letter received on July 31 from President Trump. Our non-COVID revenues continued to perform very well operationally and ahead of our plan. In addition, our guidance assumes favorable -favorability to revenues due to foreign exchange rates. As a reminder, our plan assumes that a large majority of our COVID revenues are forecasted in both Q3 and Q4. Given this fact, we believe it is prudent to maintain our full year revenue outlook as we enter the second half of the year. We continue to expect full-year '25 revenues to be in the range of $61 billion to $64 billion. In addition, we now expect Adjusted SI&A to be in the range of $13.1 billion to $14.1 billion, Adjusted R&D to be in the range of $10.4 billion to $11.4 billion and our Adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 13%. Now given our strong performance to date as well as our outlook, including a favorable impact on foreign exchange, our more efficient cost structure as well as improvements in our Adjusted effective tax rate, we are raising our full year '25 Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.10. This includes absorbing a $0.20 charge for acquired in-process R&D associated with the upfront payment for the 3SBio transaction. So just to clarify, without the 3SBio deal, we would have raised our Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.30. Of this amount, approximately two-thirds is due to our strong operational performance and our outlook. I will also point out that while we are raising our Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance, we are partially derisking the expected COVID performance in the second half of this year. As a result, our revised full year '25 Adjusted diluted earnings per share range is now $2.90 to $3.10 a share. In closing, we will continue to focus on maximizing our product portfolio's value and driving innovation to strengthen our pipeline. With a stronger balance sheet, we plan to deploy capital more effectively. We will focus on increasing our R&D productivity by deploying AI and digital capabilities, reinvest appropriately to accelerate high-value R&D programs and pursue new growth opportunities through business development. Additionally, our cost improvement initiatives are beginning to expand operating margins through productivity gains and streamline processes. And so with that, I thank you for your attention. I will now open up for Q&A. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Operator (Operator Instructions) Trung Huynh, UBS. Trung Huynh - UBS Equities - Analyst Just there in your prepared remarks, you noted your guidance absorbs the potential price changes this year based on the letter you received from President Trump on July 31. That talks about impacting Medicaid with MFN. Does that imply you think something is going to happen this year? And if so, what's your broad assumption so we can kind of quantify that hit on your revenues and EPS. And then can you perhaps just give us your state of the union on the recent developments with MFN and tariffs? REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And then just on the CDC recommendations for the vaccines. There was a reduced recommendation in May. The payer pullback or broader adult covered vaccinations. So just how are you sizing the '25 to '26 fall season versus last year? And can you comment on any progress with state mandates or payer negotiations to stabilize that coverage? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Trung. Let me say I know many people would like to get clarity on the MFN situations of the tariff situations. And I'm not in a position to provide much light not because we aren't discussing. Right now, we are in very active discussions. I discussed at the highest levels of this government. I discussed myself with the President after he sent the letter to me and all the others. We discussed a lot with the Secretary Kennedy. We discussed a lot with Dr. Oz who is responsible for implementing a lot of these things. And I would say only that these discussions are extremely productive. I think we understand where the President comes from, and we are engaging in a productive way to find solutions. But because we are in active discussions, it's inappropriate for me to start providing more details because I don't want to say things while we're discussing with them. So I understand that many others may have questions about that. And I'm not sure I can give more information than what I just told you that we had a letter that says a base of what the President wants. The letter asks a lot from us, but we are engaged in productive discussions with them. And in general I'm happy in the way that they listen to us and the way that we are trying collectively to find solutions, but from one hand, will make medicines affordable in the US. On the other hand, we'll make our industry even more competitive compared to China, which is progressing very rapidly to us. On the tariffs also, I don't have much news to add. We are waiting for the 232 report. And once we have that, we will see how this discussion. Again, on the tariffs, I had good discussions with Secretary Lutnick, with the US Trade representative, with Secretary Bessent, and, of course, with the President, with whom we have a special relation through the times of COVID. So that's all I can say. I don't know if -- Dave, you want to add something on what is included and how we think about it. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. I just -- I would just say that the underlying strength of our business is allowing us to raise our guidance in the back half of the year. And with -- to Albert's point, with the work that's going on across the industry, we're able to come up with a range of scenarios, and we believe that those range of scenarios associated with potential timing of all this would allow us to absorb any impact this year based again on the underlying strength of our business today and performance today. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer And maybe, Aamir, you can comment on the CDC. Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Yes. So I think your question was largely around COMIRNATY. So I'll mention the quarter and then our expectations for the season. COMIRNATY had a very strong quarter in Q2, and I think that's driven partially by gross to net capability. We've just become much more efficient and managing inventory in the marketplace, and we also saw a continued increase in our market share in the quarter. So that's the quarter. Now as it relates to the season, we don't have a crystal ball, but what we are planning for is we anticipate an indication for the 65-plus population as well as those under 64 with underlying medical conditions. And that largely reflects the dynamic of how people vaccinate in the US today. We also don't anticipate any major changes in coverage by payers for this season. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

So this could have a modest effect on our vaccination rates, but we anticipate having a very strong season. In addition, I think we're very ready to execute against that. We have our supply and distribution capabilities, which are genuinely unmatched. We have a very robust plan for both physician as well as patient activation, and we monitor sentiment very closely. We've not seen dramatic changes in And we also have very strong contract positions, both in retail and non-retail. So we look forward to the season for the fall. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you. Next question, please. Operator Chris Schott, J.P. Morgan. Christopher Schott - JPMorgan - Analyst All right, great. Thanks for the questions and congrats on the quarter. Just two for me. First on BD and capital allocation. Just what's driving the slightly lower target leverage for the company going forward? I think you lowered it by about a half turn or so. I just was looking for any color there. And just on the BD approach, is the approach here still to target a couple of smaller deals with that $10 billion to $15 billion of capacity you've previously talked about? Or is the thought maybe looking at one larger one. Last really quick one just to slip in with just the recent PD-1 VEGF deal, I know you're going to think about doing combos with some of your ADCs. Will we see the Phase 3 data from those ADCs before you move forward? Or should we start to think about Pfizer starting development of those programs prior to those readouts? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Chris, as usual excellent questions, but David can take the first two and then I think the Chris can talk about PD-L1. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer So Chris, yes, we've actually improved our target from a leverage perspective down to 2.7 from 3.25 times. That's largely because we've improved our cash generation capability over the last -- a little faster than we anticipated post closing of the Seagen acquisition. So we're now sitting at 2.7 times. We will continue to delever over time. If we were to do a BD transaction, we might tick back up over that 2.7 times, but our objective is to still get down and continue to delever the balance sheet in the long term. Secondly, yes, most likely, we would attend to do a, I'll say, a smaller deal given the fact that our capacity is in the $13 billion ZIP code at this moment. And so I would expect us more from a smaller perspective from a transaction -Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer It is 13 -David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer It is 13 only because we have essentially allocated some of the 3SBio transaction funds against our BD target. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Thank you, Dave. And Chris, how do you think about developing the PD-L1 that I know we closed and we very rapidly executed on the plan even before we could close? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer, President-Research & Development Thank you very much. As you know, we do have ongoing programs with the ADCs SV PD-L1, and that's all in Phase 3. We're not going to wait for readout from these studies, and we'll start earlier with Phase 1/2 combinations this year. In fact, with those ADCs in combination with SSGJ-707. How we look at SSGJ-707, it's really to be a potential backbone to replace single-agent PD-1, PD-L1. It's got a unique structure and the preclinical data suggests potential best in class regarding high affinity for PD-1 inhibition and potentially increase anti-angiogenic activity. You've seen the overall response rate in the first-line setting of 65%. We're confident in this molecule across the cancer areas or tumor areas that -- where we have significant capability, including thoracic GU and GI and we'll later this year announce a Phase 3 program SSGJ-707. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. I really -- my team got me very excited about this molecule and they have presented to me a very aggressive development plan, but they plan to execute starting this year. We will share more news about the plan when we are in the year when we kick off the execution. Next question, please. Operator Alex Hammond, Wolfe Research. Alexandria Hammond - Wolfe Research LLC - Analyst Thanks for taking our question. I guess one on MFN, just given your recently announced DTC patient option for purchasing Eliquis, how should we consider the applicability of this program to the remainder of your portfolio? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Alexandria. I think it very much will help. I can tell you that the direct-to-consumer was one of the four things that the letter of President Trump requested from me. From me and everybody else. We think it is a fantastic way to go ahead. So we will work collaboratively to do it. Clearly, Pfizer has a good experience from the Pfizer For All, where we have a direct-to-consumer website that has a very, very high traffic. And also now we launched together with our partner, BMS, the Eliquis 360, which exactly does what basically that President Trump is asking us to do. Actually, I'm sure you've noticed that he tweeted himself. Here, he retweeted actually my tweet about the Eliquis. And also, we have serious discussions in the industry. So I have connected -- of course, we had the Board, the CEO that we discussed it and also myself and connecting very often individually with all the major companies. And they are all ready to roll up the sleeves and execute something like that. So it remains to be seen. I don't want to speak more, as I said, because we are in active discussions. Next question. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Mohit Bansal, Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Securities LLC - Analyst Great, thank you very much for taking my question. Dave, I have a question regarding guidance. It does seem like you had quite a good quarter this quarter. And -- there is FX tailwind as well as operational reasons here. So wondering what is driving the intact guidance or even like not even like upping it to the higher end of the range, just would love to know your thought process in setting this guidance at this point. Thank you. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. Thank you. I think as we looked at guidance, as I said, we are essentially raising bottom in by $0.30 and then absorbing the $0.20 charge for 3SBio transaction. At the same time, we are looking at our future Q3 and Q4, and we're essentially derisking some of that. So this underlying strength of our business would have us increasing guidance even further from a profit perspective. But we, at this point in time, given the volatility that's potentially ahead of us in COVID, we think it's prudent to wait, hold, see how Q3 and Q4 come about and then update as appropriate from that perspective. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Dave. Operator Courtney Breen, Bernstein. Courtney Breen - Bernstein Research - Analyst Thank you so much for taking the question. A couple for me. The first is on the efficiency that we're seeing kind of in your operating model and particularly around SG&A. It would be great if you're able to kind of give us some extra context around kind of where you kind of reallocating and investing versus where you're able to pull back and kind of some more context and detail and color around that, both within the US and ex US? And then secondarily, you've given us somewhat detail in terms of M&A and the $13 billion range, but can you give us a little bit more insight on the priorities? I know you've talked about kind of the obesity opportunity or cardiometabolic opportunity and immunology being areas of interest. Can you talk about kind of whether they still rank near the top or how you're seeing kind of opportunities out there that you might be interested in? Thanks so much. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Courtney. Let's start with Alexandre to speak about the efficiency in international, and then Aamir can chime in on the US Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief International Commercial Officer Thanks for the questions. You remember about 18 months ago, when we started this journey at the International division, we said we will pick our growth driver, both from an in-line standpoint and the new product. And that combination will be different country by country based on the REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

environment, the potential and the population to treat. That's what we did. So we've identified in our top 16 markets, those combinations, and then we invest to win in the sense that we looked at the share of voice that we need and then we reduce our investment everywhere else so that we can win in this area. And clearly, the growth that we are seeing coming out of that portfolio of assets where we focus is really remarkable because it's not just that we grew 6% at the international level overall, but it's also the quality of the growth. You see that we grow 9% in emerging markets, 9% in China, 7% in Europe. So it's kind of across the geography and it's also across the different category area, right? So specialty grew 9% driven by Primary care grew 4%, 6% excluding COVID, driven by Eliquis and our vaccines, and oncology grew 6% driven by and others. So clearly, it's really how we reduce the cost around the noncore assets and the non-key country that help us double down on the area where we wanted to grow. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Alexandre. Aamir? Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Courtney, I'll give you a couple of different examples. When we implemented our new commercial model at the beginning of last year, we put in place a few fundamentals. One was having everything in one place and the benefit of scale. So for instance, we consolidated to a single agency partner, and that drove major efficiencies across the business. Second thing is we undertook a major resource reallocation exercise, both in terms of the products where we're investing as well as the channels that we're investing into. And thirdly, we've just embraced technology and the way that technology can drive efficiency across every aspect of our consumer campaigns, our physician targeting and also Albert referred to our use of Pfizer Pflash and investment in the Pfizer brand, which, for instance, in the categories where we've deployed that, that model has resulted in about a 20% decrease in the cost per new NBRx. So these are just examples of how we're driving efficiency across the commercial business. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer And it is -- I think for me, what really pleased me on is that we are able to reduce our cost, and at the same time, continue growing the top line, which is the key here. And that Pfizer was always good in commercial. I do think that we lost a little bit our way during the COVID because the priorities you can understand, where 100% devotion of the whole company to do something like that. But I'm very proud and pleased that we got up to our feet, and we now have developed a commercial machine, but it is really honoring the Pfizer tradition and taking it to the next level. And I will finish with some questions from the M&A. You asked what would be the range in terms of priorities. And in terms of dollars, Dave talked to you. Clearly, with those dollars probably will be in fewer smaller transactions rather than one transaction all the remaining capital allocation. Clearly will be in the four areas that we are now active, which is the oncology, the vaccines, the internal medicine with cardiometabolic and obesity and with the I&I. On obesity, which is your specific question, clearly, we have interest in this area because this is an area that it is very big. Science is breaking. A lot of new things are coming up. And we have tremendous development capabilities in primary care type of business, and we have also tremendous commercial opportunities. And by the way, there is plenty of offering right now. I mean in China, China is booming in terms of how many opportunities we have -- our Chief Strategy Officer Andrew Baum that is responsible for BD.. He just came back from week long trip to China, and the opportunities are really, really very big. So also, there are here opportunities in the US. So there is a good substrate that we can source. We will be very disciplined with our company. We will not overpay. We will pay the real value that the asset presents. With that, please go to the next question. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Dave Risinger, Leerink. David Risinger - Leerink Partners - Analyst Thanks very much. Yes. So Albert, thank you for helping lead discussions with the Administration to ensure the future success of US biopharmaceutical innovation. Since you briefly mentioned competition from China, has Pfizer been helping the Administration understand the very strong support that the Chinese government provides to local biotech companies based in China? I asked the question given significant pressures on biotech companies in the United States. Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, David. Also thank you for your kind words. I do. And I'm very vocal and I speak at all levels and not only in the Administration, but also in the Senate in the house. This is something that unites, I would say, one of the very few things that unites both Democrats and Republicans is their concern about China’s emerging superiority in several technology areas, but where it is very impressive it is in the biotech. And I very clearly indicate that this is happening, it is real. I'll give you just some examples. In May, for the first time, Axios reported on the clinical studies in the world right now, China has the leading share -- surpassed the US. I did research myself on publications that are happening from Chinese scientists right now. And in CRISPR, for example, just to give one area, 42% of the global publications coming from China. Actually, in structural biology, which is always was their forte, 62% came from China. And to end up, they are not doing -- they are not stealing patents, they're actually they are -- they have filed more patents than US this year. And so they are protecting well intellectual property and they are enhancing access to their local markets, and they are giving tremendous support, monetize support to their biotechnical ecosystem, which encourages a lot of private money going there. I explained all of that to the Administration. And I think they listen, and that's why I said before, we all look to find ways that from one hand, affordability and access of the American patients. On the other hand, to the crown jewel, which is the biotech industry, needs to be supported by the government, by the Congress so that we can -- there is only so much you can do to slow down China. You won't slow them down. They are very good. What we can do is to focus to be better than them, and that should be our goal. With that, next question. Operator Kerry Holford, Berenberg. Kerry Holford - Berenberg - Analyst Thank you, a couple of questions for me, please. Firstly, looking at ADCETRIS to Q2 performance was a little weaker than anticipated. I understand these drugs are perhaps facing increased competitive pressures, we'll be interested to your strategy for reinvigorating that growth of those assets ex US. And then secondly, a question on the guidance, specifically tax and if I missed this earlier. But Dave, what has changed with regard to the tax outlook for this year? And how sustainable is this underlying 13% tax rate going forward? Thank you. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Dave, do you want to start with that? And then Aamir can -David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. Just on the tax side, there were some onetime discrete items that allowed us to improve our tax position this year. I would expect going forward with the new tax regs globally that we would be largely closer to the 15% level from a global tax perspective in the long term. Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Kerry, thanks for the question. I think your question is largely around the Seagen portfolio on the products. So we feel very good about how we integrated those products. As an example, we were able to cross-train all of our field forces, and now we're seeing the benefit of that come through in commercial performance. So if I look at Q2 and the entirety of our Seagen commercial portfolio, we grew 15% year-over-year. And that was while managing some of the competitive headwinds that you alluded to on ADCETRIS, which we are starting to see now settle. In particular, we feel very good about the growth in Padcev. We have greater than 50% market share in the first line, and we see headroom to continue to expand that share especially in the cisplatinum eligible population where we are very focused. And it's also important to note that as part of the Seagen transaction, it was not only the in-line products, but the portfolio that came with it, which continues to perform very well. Thank you. Next question, please. Operator Evan Seigerman, BMO Capital Markets. Evan Seigerman - BMO Capital Markets - Analyst Thank you so much for taking my question. Kind of a follow-up to the prior question. 1.5 years into the integration of Seagen, and really aside from Padcev, what do you believe are the two or three assets that have the potential to really drive a positive IRR for the $42 billion or so that you spent? And kind of a follow-up there is part of the market could SV capture in non-small cell lung cancer, if and when eventually approved? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes. I'll ask Chris to comment. Let's start that there is four main assets. But when we acquired the company, they were around $2 billion, even less of revenues. They will grow by year 2030 to $10 billion. Now of course, the value was not only on that. The value was mainly in the platform of the ADC that we go together with the intellectual property, the capability, the people and the assets. And I will ask Chris to comment on the most important things that are coming out in the short term, medium-term and long-term process. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer, President-Research & Development Thank you very much. So in the short term, said, and the readouts for the muscle invasive bladder cancer studies. As you recall, the current indication is 18,000 patients, the new indications will be up to 28,000. So this both platinum-eligible and platinum ineligible, and we expect those readouts in the next six months. And potentially, they could change the standard of care for this population. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

This next wave of studies we started Phase 3 trials in SV, sigvotatug vedotin. The second-line study is now fully recruited. In fact, it recruited much quicker than we expected. In the second-line space, what we've seen so far in the Phase I study in a late-line population with a 31% overall response rate and medium overall survival, albeit a single-line experience of 16.3 months. So that gives us confidence in SV. It's a payloads and what we've seen with the other studies with vedotin payloads, including with versus this potentially synergistic activity when we combine it with an anti-PD-1. So SV plus pembrolizumab has now been combined. As you know, overall, we've seen a response rate of approximately 60%. But in those -- in the population specifically, that's TPS-high or PD-L1 high expression, all patients so far in the Phase I trial have responded. And that obviously is very favorable to what you would expect from pembrolizumab alone. The next molecule PD-L1. That's it, again, another first-in-class molecule. We're accelerating that into a Phase 3 program for head-and-neck cancer, where we've seen response rate just shy of 60% in the combination with pembrolizumab. And then there's a whole new group of ADCs coming with one payload, including a follow-up to ADCETRIS, they currently two or three of these molecules showing highly encouraging data in Phase 1, and we'll update you in the future about those. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you. So as I said, we are confident that not only will we recuperate the investment with a good return in the season, but I think it's transforming our oncology portfolio and business. Next question please. Operator Carter Gould, Cantor. Carter Gould - Cantor Fitzgerald - Analyst Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'm going to go back to the policy side. I guess, Albert, should investors have any expectation around a comprehensive deal that addresses the present objectives across MFN and tariffs, but also addresses the industry's concerns around enforcing IP protection, compounding, parity, IRA implementation. And then separately, put up a solid quarter year-on-year, but this is sort of the fourth quarter in a row where sequential growth was more muted or meager, is Vyndaqel US growth behind us, and I guess an answer in that can help frame the push-pulls between price and competition? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes. Let me give a brief answer to the policy. Look, I don't know. We are in very active discussions. You know that the President is impatient, so he wants the results quickly. We also want to come to a resolution quickly because I want to offer a certain to all of us and all of you as much as you can have in this period of time. Are we going to -- are we discussing in addition to all the things that are related MFN and tariffs, also things that are related with PBM reform, with 340B, with the pill penalty, absolutely. And you know that the PBM reforms is universally accepted that this to happen. There was a bipartisan bill and there is a clear indication that the President has spoken so many times about the middleman. Also with the pill penalty. He has spoken about it and also the Secretary Kennedy spoke about it. And also, we are working on it. And of course, the 340B has become a major, major problem, right? Now the 340B is expected to exceed $62 billion this year. It's a program that has become bigger than Medicare Medicaid combined. So that's all fraud prices, but all of that is value goes from us out there to, let's say, hospitals and -- this value is not passed to the patients because they mark up those products in tremendous amounts, way more than you see in Part D. And we can't afford that. So we are discussing, we're explaining. It's more complicated. That's going to be because it involves hospital. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

But the program is very good for the small hospitals that was intended. This is not about not having 340B. It's about having an abuse in the system. So Aamir, you want to state next question? Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer I'll speak quickly about Vyndaqel in the US, and then we'll touch on international, too. In the US, yes, we had a very strong quarter. We had 15% year-over-year growth. We maintained momentum in performance versus Q1, and there's a lot that's going on in this market right now. So that performance is a function of improving diagnosis as well as improving favorability dynamics. So we continue to lead in the face of two competitors coming into that market, both in terms of total market share, but also importantly, lead in terms of first-line treatment-naive patient share. So we've got with TRx momentum and that's influenced the growth. KEYTRUDA is taking some first-line share, and it's a little too early to tell about the dynamics of we'll keep a close eye on that for the second half of the year. Now we do expect continued TRx volume growth, but there will be GTM pressure on US performance. And that's a function of both the Medicare Part D design but also a result of contracting to maintain access for vedotin, both in Medicare and commercial, where we've maintained 90% access for the brand. So we do expect those dynamics to impact our sequential growth in the back half of this year. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. For international, so we have a very strong dynamic. So we have grown 32% for the quarter. But actually, since the beginning of the year, we have grown our patient treated by 50%. So it's clearly the -- what I was describing at the beginning in terms of focus on the key assets where we think we can have an impact. This one is clearly the demonstration of our focus on execution. Moving forward, we think we're going to continue to grow on this product for three reasons. First, the WCS rate in international in most of our key markets is still significantly below what we have in the US and we normally see in this type of disease. Two, the Access takes a lot of time in international. You need to negotiate price and access in every single country, and it took us five years just to get to where we are, and competition will have to follow the same time line to get to the type of access that we get. Just to illustrate my point is we just unlock U.K. and Australia at the end of last year. And we just unlocked South Korea at the beginning of this quarter. So just to give you a sense of it takes time and now we have access, we are unlocking the potential of those patients being in treated. And then finally, we think that the profile of our product and the experience of our key centers will help us establish to standard of care that we have developed with these assets. So we are very confident with the potential future growth also. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes. And I'm very impressed with the performance in the coming international the way that we were not counting on that product before and now suddenly we see very big thrive. We're not counting in international and mainly US. Let's go to the next question, please. Operator Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs. Asad Haider - Goldman Sachs - Analyst Great. Thanks for taking the question. Albert, just one more, if I may, on the policy front. Just given the comments you just made and then triangulating those back to your comments on MFN that it's now quantified and reflected into guidance to some extent, maybe just talk about what could cause REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

large swings to those expectations from here? Or is your high-level view that we are now getting more granular around the central and potentially narrow range of outcomes directionally speaking? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer I mean our team is all over modeling several scenarios. There is no scenario that we have not assessed. There is no scenario, but we have not filed mitigation plans. And there is no scenario to haven't the probability of success. But the truth is that we don't know what will be because all of that are right now under active discussion. So -- and even if I have some ideas where we should increase of happening and where decrease happening, it's not appropriate now in the middle of the discussions and negotiations. We don't open the counts, right? So I can't really do that. Thank you. Next question. Operator Umer Raffat, Evercore. Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI - Analyst Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. So I'll spare the MFN question, but I did want to ask Albert, I feel like some of the points you're making on this call regarding the China biotech ecosystem could possibly resonate with the Administration. But I guess, how is -- and I'm not even talking Pfizer specifically, but the industry broadly has been very active with a lot of out-licensing transactions to find the next layer innovation. So I guess is Administration pushing back with sort of balancing those two? And then separately, on your oncology side, I feel like this B6A trial in lung will obviously be very, very important. And I was very intrigued to see that you shrunk the sample size from 670 down to 470, which presumably signals increased confidence. And my question is, did you take any interim look to see how the is tracking? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Let me take the China one. And then I ask Chris, of course, to comment on the oncology. Look, I mean there is a lot of sensitivity in the and Senate in the house about everything that is happening in time, right? But I have to say the sensitivity is way more on things that we transfer there, technology that we transfer, then vice versa, things that we take from them to develop them and manufacture in the US, for example, our and I discussed the Chinese deal that we did with the members of the Congress, many members of the Congress. And I explained that we didn't give anything. We took their science and the license to develop, we would do it globally, not in China, to manufacturing. We will do it in the US, not in China. And to commercialize it and we'll do it in the whole world and actually not in China yet because we don't have the license yet. So I think less sensitivity on this two ways. But don't take me wrong. China is something that is very high in the radar of the political life of the US and we need to be careful with that. Now let's go, Chris. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer, President-Research & Development Thanks for the question, So usually for studies, we recalculate effect size or study size based on emerging data from ongoing Phase 1/2 trials. And we did not unblind and there's no unblinding of ongoing Phase 3 programs. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Okay. Thank you. I knew that you will not say much. So let's go to the next question, please. Operator Rajesh Kumar, HSBC. Rajesh Kumar - HSBC - Analyst Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one is on -- you said you'll absorb the potential impact from the letter this year. Can you confirm that if there were tariffs, et cetera, you can say the same about the next year as well. I know you don't have a guidance, but in terms of how prepared you are with inventory, et cetera and the pricing dynamics. Do you think current consensus sort of captures the effect for the next year? The second one is on the balance sheet. Clearly, you are going with a lower financial gearing target and in effect, that gives you a bit more leeway on a lot of things. When you think of capital allocation, do you think you need to add more types of assets in oncology? Or would most of the balance sheet capacity be deployed in obesity, immunology, other areas that is if you have to deploy capital in oncology or different indications or different mechanisms you still need to add, then would you be comfortable going over the 2.7 times leverage? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Let's start with Dave. And then we will move to Alexandre. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. So as it relates to future years, '26 and '27, no, we can't -- we're not confirming or discussing the implication of tariffs or MFN on those out years. Once we have definitive information and knowledge will come back and share that with everyone. Secondly, on -- just from a BD perspective, even though others can comment on this as well, we have lowered our target or improved our target to 2.7 times because we are already at 2.7 times. So it's hard to have a target that we've exceeded so dramatically because our business has done so well. And if an opportunity were to come along that made sense for us from a deep BD perspective, obviously, the -- we would out -- we would outstrip the target to be higher just like we did with Seagen, and we worked to get us back down to 2.7 over time. And maybe to Albert's point earlier, from a BD perspective, we're interested across the four areas in which we focus today and we'll continue to evaluate assets on the market in all of those four areas. Andrew Baum - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer Yes, just add to Dave's comments. Look, I think every potential licensing deal acquisition is value driven, although there is obviously some value and diversification. We've historically been very active through Seagen and more recently, 3SBio on oncology. However, as you know, Pfizer has a strong commercial heritage with significant strength in areas such as internal medicine, I&I. And obviously, we've got landmark drugs in those areas. So we believe we have a right to will. And if the right opportunity comes up at the right price, you can be sure that we're going to pursue it. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you. Next question, please. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Tim Anderson, Bank of America. Timothy Anderson - BofA Global Research - Analyst Thank you. I have a question on IRA. So you guys have two drugs where prices are being negotiated in the current year for implementation in '27, that's Ibrance, XTANDI -- one fear that at least we've had is that the new administration may press harder per bigger discount versus last year, potentially just to make a point. in general, not just for Pfizer product. So you're in the midst of those negotiations. Any color you can provide such as how those discussions are lining up with what you expected before those negotiations begin. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Look, as we said, we're in the middle of this negotiation again for the same reason, I can -- actually, it's not a lot by law to disclose aspects of the the negotiation. But I would say something. We have two products, as you said, for '27. Both of them are losing patent in '27. So for us, of course, we try to achieve the best, we can in the negotiations of the prices. But the heat on us is very small. The NPV is very small because it's really a few months of it -- it depends on the product, right? Next question, please. Operator Steve Scala, TD Cowen. Steve Scala - TD Cowen - Analyst Thank you very much, two questions. Two questions. The first one, I apologize, is on MFN. But you have quantified the assumed impact of MFN in 2025, but you won't share your estimate. But I assume it's a big number, well above $500 million for Q4 alone and maybe several times that, which implies a strikingly high number for 2026. And I'm just wondering whether you would walk that number down. Second for Dave, you noted the positive underlying operational performance year-to-date. You also noted the positive inflection in FX year-to-date. Curious how the COVID expectations have changed. It seems they must have come down since revenue guidance is flat or unchanged or something else in the business turned in a little bit light? Thank you. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Maybe on the COVID side, I don't know that our expectations at this moment have changed, but we still have a lot yet to go in Q3 and Q4. So as I think about our future projections, we're still internally working to achieve our number. But as my guidance reflects, we've now derisked some of that delivery in Q3, Q4. So I don't think anything has changed. We just know that COVID by itself because of the nature of that business will always be a little bit more sensitive and a little bit more fluid and harder to predict quarter-over-quarter. So this is just allowing us to derisk that a bit. And then on the MFN perspective, we're not going to comment on those numbers at this point. Thank you, though. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And the final question. Operator Terence Flynn, Morgan Stanley. Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley - Analyst Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Great. Maybe just two on the pipeline. Just for atirmociclib, I was wondering if we'll get an update from the Phase 2 study on PFS potentially at San Antonio later this year? I know you've already committed moving into Phase 3, but I don't think we've seen anything on durability there. And then on LORBRENA, any thoughts about exploring that in the adjuvant setting? Thank you. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer, President-Research & Development Thank you for the question. So atirmociclib, you're correct, as we stated, we're focusing now on the first-line space and focusing with six for second line, we remain very confident on all the data we've seen and the study, the first-line trial in ER-positive, HER2 negative breast cancer. The study is recruiting extremely well. In fact, both times faster than we actually planned or predicted. We've not disclosed the date when we will show on the second line, but we'll keep you posted on that. For there is no current plan for an adjuvant study. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you very much. And thank you for your attention. Just I want to say that I'm very pleased with the execution of this team in terms of the targets that we have set. I will describe Pfizer right now as a company with a very strong floor and no ceiling. And we plan to maintain the prudent way of allocating capital, the focus on execution, the relentless focus on our pipeline, productivity and big assets and improving our margins by the use of technology, focus and simplification of our business process. Thank you very much and enjoy your summer to those that didn't take their vacation, like me. Operator This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time. DISCLAIMER Refinitiv reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES REFINITIV OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS. ©2025, Refinitiv. All Rights Reserved. 16418960-2025-08-05T21:35:48.087 REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

g Pfizer Reports Strong Second-Quarter 2025 Results And Raises 2025 EPS Guidance ■ Strengthened Commercial Execution Driving Topline Growth ■ Continued Progress Across R&D Pipeline ■ Expanded Programs On Track to Deliver Net Cost Savings Targets NEW YORK, Tuesday, August 5, 2025 — Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) reported financial results for the second quarter of 2025 and reaffirmed its 2025 Revenue guidance while raising guidance(1) for Adjusted(2) diluted EPS. EXECUTIVE COMMENTARY Dr. Albert Bourla, Chairman and CEO of Pfizer: “Pfizer had another strong quarter of focused execution and we’re pleased with our progress in advancing our R&D pipeline, driving our commercial performance and expanding our margins. We continue to strengthen our company for the future and we’re confident in our ability to create further value for patients and our shareholders.” David Denton, CFO and EVP of Pfizer: “Our robust second-quarter Revenue and EPS performance demonstrates our continued focus on commercial execution and operational efficiency. We raised our full-year 2025 Adjusted diluted EPS guidance, demonstrating confidence in our ability to execute against our strategic priorities and deliver strong results for shareholders.” OVERALL RESULTS ■ Second-Quarter 2025 Revenues of $14.7 Billion, Representing 10% Year-over-Year Operational Growth ■ Second-Quarter 2025 Reported(3) Diluted EPS of $0.51, and Adjusted(2) Diluted EPS of $0.78 ■ Reaffirms Full-Year 2025 Revenue Guidance(1) in a Range of $61.0 to $64.0 Billion ■ Raises Full-Year 2025 Adjusted(2) Diluted EPS Guidance(1) by $0.10 to a Range of $2.90 to $3.10, which Absorbs a One-Time Impact of Approximately $0.20 Related to 3SBio Transaction ■ On Track to Deliver Approximately $7.2 Billion in Overall Anticipated Net Cost Savings from Previously Announced Cost Improvement Initiatives(4) by End of 2027, Driving Productivity Gains and Operating Margin Expansion - 1 -

Some amounts in this press release may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates(5). Results for the second quarter and first six months of 2025 and 2024(6) are summarized below. ($ in millions, except per share amounts) Second-Quarter Six Months 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Revenues $ 14,653 $ 13,283 10% $ 28,367 $ 28,162 1% Reported(3) Net Income 2,910 41 * 5,877 3,156 86% Reported(3) Diluted EPS 0.51 0.01 * 1.03 0.55 86% Adjusted(2) Income 4,434 3,400 30% 9,671 8,074 20% Adjusted(2) Diluted EPS 0.78 0.60 30% 1.69 1.42 20% * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. REVENUES ($ in millions) Second-Quarter Six Months 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Global Biopharmaceuticals Business (Biopharma) $ 14,305 $ 12,991 10% 10% $ 27,746 $ 27,595 1% 1% Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) 328 278 18% 18% 585 535 9% 10% Pfizer Ignite 20 15 38% 38% 37 32 16% 16% TOTAL REVENUES $ 14,653 $ 13,283 10% 10% $ 28,367 $ 28,162 1% 2% - 2 -

2025 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE(1) ■ Reaffirms full-year 2025 Revenue guidance and raises Adjusted(2) diluted EPS guidance(1) by $0.10 at the midpoint to a range of $2.90 to $3.10. ■ The updated 2025 Adjusted(2) diluted EPS guidance takes into consideration our strong year-to-date performance, continued confidence in our business, a favorable impact from foreign exchange, progress with ongoing cost improvement initiatives, and improvement in our effective tax rate. – Includes a one-time $1.35 billion Acquired In-Process R&D charge related to the licensing agreement with 3SBio, Inc. that will be recorded in the third quarter of 2025 with an expected unfavorable impact of approximately $0.20. ■ The company’s guidance absorbs the impact of the currently imposed tariffs from China, Canada, and Mexico, as well as potential price changes this year based on the letter received on July 31, 2025 from President Trump. Revenues $61.0 to $64.0 billion Adjusted(2) SI&A Expenses $13.1 to $14.1 billion (previously $13.3 to $14.3 billion) Adjusted(2) R&D Expenses $10.4 to $11.4 billion (previously $10.7 to $11.7 billion) Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(2) Income Approximately 13.0% (previously approximately 15.0%) Adjusted(2) Diluted EPS $2.90 to $3.10 (previously $2.80 to $3.00) CAPITAL ALLOCATION During the first six months of 2025, Pfizer deployed its capital in a variety of ways, which primarily included: ▪ Reinvesting capital into initiatives intended to enhance the future growth prospects of the company, including: • $4.7 billion invested in internal research and development projects, and • Approximately $150 million invested in business development transactions. Separately, the completed 3SBio transaction will be recorded in third-quarter 2025. ▪ Returning capital directly to shareholders through $4.9 billion of cash dividends, or $0.86 per share of common stock. - 3 -

No share repurchases have been completed to date in 2025. As of August 5, 2025, Pfizer’s remaining share repurchase authorization is $3.3 billion. Current financial guidance does not anticipate any share repurchases in 2025. The company expects to continue to de-lever in a prudent manner in order to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. This includes maintaining the flexibility to deploy capital towards potential value-creating business development transactions and the potential to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,706 million and 5,696 million were used to calculate Reported(3) and Adjusted(2) diluted EPS for second-quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (Second-Quarter 2025 vs. Second-Quarter 2024) Second-quarter 2025 revenues totaled $14.7 billion, an increase of $1.4 billion, or 10%, compared to the prioryear quarter, reflecting an operational increase of $1.3 billion, or 10%, as well as a favorable impact of foreign exchange of $22 million. The operational increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenues for the Vyndaqel family, Comirnaty, Paxlovid, Padcev, Eliquis and several other products across categories despite the unfavorable impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) Medicare Part D Redesign. Second-quarter 2025 operational revenue growth was driven primarily by: ▪ Vyndaqel family (Vyndaqel, Vyndamax, Vynmac) globally, up 21% operationally, driven largely by strong demand with continuing uptake in patient diagnosis primarily in the U.S. and certain international developed markets, partially offset by lower net price in the U.S. mostly due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; ▪ Comirnaty globally, up 95% operationally, driven primarily by higher net revenues in the U.S. partially due to higher market share, as well as higher contractual deliveries in certain international markets; ▪ Paxlovid globally, up 71% operationally, driven primarily by higher net price in the U.S. following the transition from the U.S. government agreement as well as a favorable adjustment of rebate accruals related to prior periods, partially offset by lower COVID-19 infections across the U.S. and certain international markets as well as lower international government purchases; ▪ Padcev globally, up 38% operationally, driven primarily by increased market share in first-line locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (la/mUC), as well as a one-time favorable impact associated with the transition to a wholesaler distribution model in the U.S.; ▪ Eliquis globally, up 6% operationally, driven primarily by higher demand globally; partially offset by lower net price in the U.S., including the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, and price erosion in certain international markets; ▪ Abrysvo globally, up 155% (or up $86 million) operationally, driven primarily by higher U.S. revenues from both a favorable net sales adjustment and higher demand for the maternal indication that more than offset - 4 -

lower vaccination rates for the older adult indication following an updated Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendation; as well as launch uptake for both the adult and maternal indications in certain international markets; and ▪ Lorbrena globally, up 48% operationally, driven primarily by increased patient share in the first-line ALKpositive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ mNSCLC) treatment setting in the U.S., China, and certain other international markets, partially offset by lower net price in the U.S. mainly due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; partially offset primarily by lower revenues for: ▪ Ibrance globally, down 8% operationally, driven primarily by lower net price in the U.S. largely due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, as well as generic entry and timing of shipments in certain international markets. GAAP Reported(3) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED REPORTED(3) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) Second-Quarter Six Months 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Cost of Sales(3) $ 3,778 $ 3,300 15% 13% $ 6,624 $ 6,679 (1%) 1% Percent of Revenues 25.8% 24.8% N/A N/A 23.4% 23.7% N/A N/A SI&A Expenses(3) 3,415 3,717 (8%) (8%) 6,446 7,212 (11%) (10%) R&D Expenses(3) 2,482 2,696 (8%) (8%) 4,685 5,189 (10%) (10%) Acquired IPR&D Expenses(3) 2 6 (68%) (68%) 11 6 72% 72% Other (Income)/ Deductions—net (3) 739 1,107 (33%) (33%) 1,692 1,787 (5%) — Effective Tax Rate on Reported(3) Income 4.6% 130.2% (0.8%) 4.8% Second-quarter 2025 Cost of Sales(3) as a percentage of revenues increased by 0.9 percentage points compared to the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by the non-recurrence of a favorable revision to accrued royalties recorded in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by lower amortization from the step-up of acquired inventory. Second-quarter 2025 SI&A Expenses(3) decreased 8% operationally compared with the prior-year quarter, primarily reflecting focused investments and ongoing productivity improvements that drove a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending in corporate enabling functions. Second-quarter 2025 R&D Expenses(3) decreased 8% operationally compared with the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by a net decrease in spending due to pipeline focus and optimization, as well as lower compensationrelated expenses. - 5 -

The favorable period-over-period change in Other (income)/deductions—net (3) of $367 million for the second quarter of 2025, compared with the prior-year quarter, was driven primarily by (i) net gains on equity securities in the second quarter of 2025 versus net losses on equity securities in the second quarter of 2024, (ii) lower net interest expense and (iii) lower intangible asset impairment charges; partially offset by (iv) higher charges for certain legal matters. Pfizer’s effective tax rate on Reported(3) income for the second quarter of 2025 decreased compared to the prioryear quarter primarily due to a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. Adjusted(2) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED ADJUSTED(2) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) Second-Quarter Six Months 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Adjusted(2) Cost of Sales $ 3,503 $ 2,768 27% 24% $ 6,096 $ 5,804 5% 8% Percent of Revenues 23.9% 20.8% N/A N/A 21.5% 20.6% N/A N/A Adjusted(2) SI&A Expenses 3,395 3,669 (7%) (8%) 6,404 7,123 (10%) (10%) Adjusted(2) R&D Expenses 2,438 2,671 (9%) (9%) 4,611 5,147 (10%) (10%) Adjusted(2) Other (Income)/ Deductions—net 186 258 (28%) (27%) 431 555 (22%) (5%) Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(2) Income 13.2% 12.9% 10.3% 15.1% See the reconciliations of certain Reported(3) to non-GAAP Adjusted(2) financial measures and associated footnotes in the financial tables section of this press release. - 6 -

RECENT NOTABLE DEVELOPMENTS (Since April 29, 2025) Product Developments Braftovi (encorafenib) Phase 3 Results May 2025. Announced statistically significant and clinically meaningful survival results from the Phase 3 BREAKWATER trial evaluating Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and mFOLFOX6 (fluorouracil, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) with a BRAF V600E mutation. The results showed the Braftovi combination regimen reduced the risk of death by 51% (a key secondary endpoint) and reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47% (a co-primary endpoint) compared to standard-of-care chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab. At the time of analysis, the safety profile of Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and mFOLFOX6 continued to be consistent with the known safety profile of each respective agent. No new safety signals were identified. Based on these results, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) accepted for review a supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) to support potential conversion to full approval with a decision expected in the first quarter of 2026. Full Release Comirnaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) Regulatory July 2025. Pfizer and BioNTech announced the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has recommended marketing authorization for the companies’ LP.8.1-adapted monovalent COVID-19 vaccine for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in individuals 6 months of age and older. The adaptation is based on the recommendation from the EMA’s Emergency Task Force to update COVID-19 vaccines to target the LP.8.1 variant for the 2025-2026 season. Subsequently, the European Commission authorized the vaccine on July 25, 2025. Full Release Regulatory June 2025. Pfizer and BioNTech submitted a regulatory application to the FDA requesting approval of Comirnaty 2025-2026 Formula targeting the Omicron sub-variant LP.8.1. N/A Hympavzi (marstacimab) Phase 3 Results June 2025. Announced positive topline results from the Phase 3 BASIS study (NCT03938792) evaluating Hympavzi for adults and adolescents living with hemophilia A or B with inhibitors. The study met the primary endpoint and key secondary bleeding endpoints demonstrating the superiority of onceweekly subcutaneous Hympavzi in improving key bleeding outcomes compared to on-demand treatment in a patient population where less burdensome treatment approaches are needed. Hympavzi was generally well-tolerated in the study. Full Release - 7 -

Talzenna (talazoparib) Regulatory June 2025. Announced the FDA’s decision on the sNDA for Talzenna in combination with Xtandi for men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC). The FDA approved updated labelling with the inclusion of final overall survival (OS) data for the combination’s existing indication for the treatment of adults with homologous recombination repair (HRR) gene-mutated mCRPC but did not expand the indication to include patients with non-HRR gene mutated mCRPC. As a result of the FDA’s decision, Pfizer will no longer pursue an expanded indication for this combination in mCRPC in the U.S. Full Release Xtandi (enzalutamide) Phase 3 Results July 2025. Astellas Pharma Inc. and Pfizer announced positive topline results from the OS analysis from the Phase 3 EMBARK study evaluating Xtandi, in combination with leuprolide and as a monotherapy, in men with non-metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (nmHSPC; also known as non-metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer or nmCSPC) with biochemical recurrence (BCR) at high risk for metastasis. For patients treated with Xtandi plus leuprolide, a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in OS was observed versus placebo plus leuprolide. A favorable trend towards improved OS was shown for Xtandi as monotherapy, however the difference did not reach statistical significance. Safety results were consistent with the demonstrated safety profile of Xtandi, with no new safety signals observed in the analysis. Full Release Phase 3 Results May 2025. Astellas Pharma Inc. and Pfizer announced longerterm follow-up results from an open-label extension of the Phase 3 ARCHES (NCT02677896) study, reporting a five-year follow up of OS benefits and a 30% reduction in the risk of death in men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mHSPC) treated with Xtandi plus androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) compared to placebo plus ADT. The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events in the five-year follow-up is consistent with prior ARCHES analyses and no new safety signals were identified. Full Release - 8 -

Pipeline Developments A comprehensive update of Pfizer’s development pipeline was published today and is now available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an overview of Pfizer’s research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phase 1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration. Product/Project Milestone Recent Development Link vepdegestrant Phase 3 Results May 2025. Arvinas, Inc. and Pfizer announced detailed results from the Phase 3 VERITAC-2 clinical trial (NCT05654623) evaluating vepdegestrant monotherapy versus fulvestrant in adults with estrogen receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (ER+/HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose disease progressed following prior treatment with cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) 4/6 inhibitors and endocrine therapy. The VERITAC-2 results demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) among patients with an estrogen receptor 1 mutation, reducing the risk of disease progression or death by 43% compared to fulvestrant. The trial did not reach statistical significance in improvement in PFS in the intent-to-treat population. Vepdegestrant was generally well tolerated, with few discontinuations and low rates of gastrointestinal-related adverse events. Full Release Corporate Developments Eliquis 360 Support July 2025. The Bristol Myers Squibb-Pfizer Alliance announced a new direct-topatient option for purchasing Eliquis (apixaban) via the Alliance’s patient resource Eliquis 360 Support, offering an opportunity for eligible cash-paying patients with a prescription to pay a discounted rate of more than 40% less than the current list price beginning September 8, 2025. Full Release Business Development July 2025. Announced the completion of an exclusive global, ex-China, in-licensing agreement with 3SBio, Inc., a leading Chinese biopharmaceutical company, for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of SSGJ-707, a bispecific antibody targeting PD-1 and VEGF, currently undergoing several clinical trials in China for non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic colorectal cancer, and gynecological tumors. Under the terms of the agreement, 3SBio and its subsidiaries Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and 3S Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. granted Pfizer an exclusive global license to develop, manufacture and commercialize SSGJ-707 worldwide, with an option to develop and commercialize in China. 3SBio will receive an upfront payment of $1.25 billion and is eligible to receive milestone payments associated with certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones up to $4.8 billion as well as tiered double-digit royalties on sales of SSGJ-707, if approved. In exchange for an option to the exclusive rights in China, Pfizer will make an upfront payment to 3SBio of $100 million and, in the event the option is exercised, would pay an option exercise fee of up to $50 million depending on future events. Pfizer has also made a $100 million equity investment in 3SBio. Full Release Topic Recent Development Link - 9 -

PFIZER TO HOST CONFERENCE CALL Pfizer will host a live conference call and webcast today at 10:00 AM EDT. To access the live conference call and view the second-quarter 2025 earnings presentation, accompanying prepared remarks from management, and infographic, visit our website at pfizer.com/investors. You can also listen to the conference call by dialing either 800-456-4352 in the U.S. and Canada or 785-424-1086 outside of the U.S. and Canada. The passcode is “49385”. The transcript and webcast replay of the call will be made available on our website at pfizer.com/investors within 24 hours after the end of the live conference call and will be accessible for at least 90 days. - 10 -

For additional details, see the attached financial schedules, product revenue tables and disclosure notice. (1) Pfizer does not provide guidance for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) Reported financial measures (other than revenues) or a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP Reported financial measures on a forward-looking basis because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of unusual gains and losses, certain acquisition-related expenses, gains and losses from equity securities, actuarial gains and losses from pension and postretirement plan remeasurements, potential future asset impairments and pending litigation without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP Reported results for the guidance period. Financial guidance for full-year 2025 reflects the following: ▪ Does not assume the completion of any business development transactions not completed as of August 5, 2025. ▪ An anticipated unfavorable revenue impact of approximately $0.5 billion due to recent and expected generic and biosimilar competition for certain products that have recently lost patent or regulatory protection or that are anticipated to lose patent or regulatory protection. ▪ Exchange rates assumed are a blend of actual rates in effect through second-quarter 2025 and midJuly 2025 rates for the remainder of the year. ▪ Guidance for Adjusted(2) diluted EPS assumes diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of approximately 5.72 billion shares, and assumes no share repurchases in 2025. ▪ The company’s guidance absorbs the impact of the currently imposed tariffs from China, Canada, and Mexico, as well as potential price changes this year based on the letter received on July 31, 2025 from President Trump. (2) Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) are defined as U.S. GAAP net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and U.S. GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items. See the accompanying reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the second quarter and the first six months of 2025 and 2024. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for U.S. GAAP net income and its components and diluted EPS(3). See the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the accompanying Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of this press release for a definition of each component of Adjusted income as well as other relevant information. (3) Revenues is defined as revenues in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported net income and its components are defined as net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and its - 11 -

components in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported diluted EPS is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP. (4) On track to deliver approximately $7.7 billion in anticipated overall savings (approximately $7.2 billion of net cost savings) from previously announced cost improvement initiatives: ▪ Approximately $4.5 billion of overall net cost savings from Pfizer’s ongoing cost realignment program are expected to be achieved by the end of 2025. An additional approximately $1.2 billion of anticipated net cost savings, primarily in SI&A, is expected to be fully achieved by the end of 2027. The net cost savings are calculated versus the midpoint of Pfizer’s 2023 SI&A and R&D expense guidance provided on August 1, 2023. ▪ On track to deliver anticipated R&D re-organization cost savings of approximately $500 million to be fully realized by the end of 2026, with savings to be reinvested in the pipeline. ▪ The first phase of the Manufacturing Optimization Program is on track to deliver approximately $1.5 billion in net cost savings by the end of 2027, with initial savings anticipated in the latter part of 2025. (5) References to operational variances in this press release pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of Pfizer’s business, they are not within Pfizer’s control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, Pfizer believes presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate Pfizer’s results. (6) Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for international subsidiaries is November 30 while Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is December 31. Therefore, Pfizer’s second quarter and first six months for U.S. subsidiaries reflects the three and six months ended on June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024, while Pfizer’s second quarter and first six months for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. reflects the three and six months ended on May 25, 2025 and May 26, 2024. - 12 -

Second-Quarter % Incr. / Six Months % Incr. / 2025 2024 (Decr.) 2025 2024 (Decr.) Revenues: Product revenues(2) $ 11,954 $ 10,871 10 $ 23,248 $ 23,314 — Alliance revenues 2,273 2,067 10 4,386 4,240 3 Royalty revenues 426 345 23 734 608 21 Total revenues 14,653 13,283 10 28,367 28,162 1 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales(2), (3) 3,778 3,300 15 6,624 6,679 (1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(3) 3,415 3,717 (8) 6,446 7,212 (11) Research and development expenses(3) 2,482 2,696 (8) 4,685 5,189 (10) Acquired in-process research and development expenses 2 6 (68) 11 6 72 Amortization of intangible assets 1,211 1,307 (7) 2,421 2,615 (7) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs(4) (18) 1,254 * 660 1,356 (51) Other (income)/deductions––net(5) 739 1,107 (33) 1,692 1,787 (5) Income/(loss) from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income/(loss) 3,044 (103) * 5,828 3,318 76 Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(6) 141 (134) * (48) 159 * Income from continuing operations 2,903 31 * 5,876 3,159 86 Discontinued operations––net of tax 25 17 48 25 12 * Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 2,928 48 * 5,901 3,171 86 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 18 7 * 24 15 62 Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 2,910 $ 41 * $ 5,877 $ 3,156 86 Earnings per common share––basic: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.51 $ 0.01 * $ 1.03 $ 0.56 85 Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — — — — Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.51 $ 0.01 * $ 1.03 $ 0.56 86 Earnings per common share––diluted: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.51 $ 0.01 * $ 1.03 $ 0.55 86 Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — — — — Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.51 $ 0.01 * $ 1.03 $ 0.55 86 Weighted-average shares used to calculate earnings per common share: Basic 5,685 5,666 5,680 5,662 Diluted 5,706 5,696 5,708 5,696 * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(1) (UNAUDITED) - 13 -

(1) The financial statements present the three and six months ended June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024. Subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. are included for the three and six months ended May 25, 2025 and May 26, 2024. The financial results for the three and six months ended June 29, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results that ultimately could be achieved for the full year. Certain amounts in the consolidated statements of operations and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. (2) The Product revenues amount for the first six months of 2024 included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million Emergency Use Authorization (EUA)-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. The Cost of sales amount for the first six months of 2025 includes a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties. (3) Exclusive of amortization of intangible assets. (4) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs include the following: Second-Quarter Six Months (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Restructuring charges/(credits)––acquisition-related costs(a) $ 3 $ (5) $ 12 $ 84 Restructuring charges/(credits)––cost reduction initiatives(b) (77) 1,109 535 1,030 Restructuring charges/(credits) (74) 1,104 547 1,114 Transaction costs(c) — — — 5 Integration costs and other(d) 56 150 113 237 Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs $ (18) $ 1,254 $ 660 $ 1,356 (a) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs associated with business combinations. (b) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs not associated with acquisitions. The credits for the second quarter of 2025 mainly reflect revisions of estimates of previously recorded accruals for employee termination costs associated with our Manufacturing Optimization Program, driven in large part by higher-than-expected voluntary attrition. The charges for the first six months of 2025 primarily represent employee termination costs, asset impairments and exit costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program, partially offset by the aforementioned revisions of estimates of previously recorded accruals for employee termination costs associated with our Manufacturing Optimization Program. The charges for the second quarter and first six months of 2024 primarily represent employee termination costs associated with our Manufacturing Optimization Program. (c) Transaction costs represent external costs for banking, legal, accounting and other similar services. (d) Integration costs and other represent external, incremental costs directly related to integrating acquired businesses, such as expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes, and certain other qualifying costs. (5) Components of Other (income)/deductions––net include: Second-Quarter Six Months (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Interest income $ (156) $ (130) $ (299) $ (259) Interest expense 654 778 1,308 1,568 Net interest expense(a) 498 648 1,009 1,310 Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities(b) (75) 342 295 317 Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (101) (106) (260) (209) Certain legal matters, net(c) 422 169 564 377 Certain asset impairments(d) 93 240 317 349 Haleon equity method (income)/loss — (40) — 48 Other, net(e) (97) (146) (233) (404) Other (income)/deductions––net $ 739 $ 1,107 $ 1,692 $ 1,787 (a) The decrease in net interest expense in the second quarter and first six months of 2025 reflects (i) a decrease in interest expense primarily driven by a reduction in commercial paper outstanding and (ii) an increase in interest income due to a higher total average investment asset balance compared to 2024. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 14 -

(b) The net losses in the first six months of 2025 include, among other things, a net loss of $144 million related to our investment in Haleon plc (Haleon), composed of unrealized losses of $1.0 billion, partially offset by $900 million in realized gains on the sales of our remaining investment. (c) The amounts for the second quarter and first six months of 2025 primarily include certain product liability and other legal expenses. The amounts for the second quarter and first six months of 2024 primarily included certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. (d) The amount for the first six months of 2025 primarily includes an intangible asset impairment charge of $210 million for KRAS G12D, a Phase 2 indefinite-lived out-licensed asset that was discontinued by our out-licensing partner. The amounts for the second quarter and first six months of 2024 included a $240 million intangible asset impairment charge, related to in-process research and development associated with a Phase 3 study for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), which reflected unfavorable clinical trial results. (e) The first six months of 2025 primarily include dividend income of $111 million from our investment in ViiV Healthcare Limited (ViiV). The first six months of 2024 included, among other things, a $150 million realized gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon and dividend income of $135 million from our investment in ViiV. (6) Our effective tax rates for income/(loss) from continuing operations were 4.6% and (0.8)% for the three and six months ended June 29, 2025, respectively, and 130.2% and 4.8% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The lower effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2025, compared to the second quarter of 2024, was primarily due to a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. The negative and lower effective tax rate for the first six months of 2025, compared to the first six months of 2024, was primarily due to tax benefits related to global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 15 -

Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide–– prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows: Measure Definition Relevance of Metrics to Our Business Performance Adjusted income Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items • Provides investors useful information to: ◦ evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-overyear basis ◦ assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis • Provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b) Adjusted cost of sales, Adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, Adjusted research and development expenses and Adjusted other (income)/deductions––net Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, Research and development expenses and Other (income)/deductions––net (a), each before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisitionrelated items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the Adjusted income measure Adjusted diluted EPS EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items (a) Most directly comparable GAAP measure. (b) Any expenses for acquired IPR&D are included in our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders, components of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted , respectively. We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans. See the reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the second quarter and first six months of 2025 and 2024 below and the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME - 16 -

Second-Quarter 2025 to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 3,778 $ 3,415 $ 739 $ 2,910 $ 0.51 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,211 Acquisition-related items (243) (1) (32) 338 Discontinued operations — — — (25) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (29) (14) — 4 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (93) 93 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — 75 (75) Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — 9 (9) Other(5) (4) (5) (512) 523 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (537) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 3,503 $ 3,395 $ 186 (6) $ 4,434 $ 0.78 Six Months Ended June 29, 2025 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 6,624 $ 6,446 $ 1,692 $ 5,877 $ 1.03 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 2,421 Acquisition-related items (449) (1) (39) 620 Discontinued operations — — — (25) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (53) (20) — 670 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (317) 317 (Gains)/losses on equity securities(4) — — (295) 295 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — 68 (68) Other(5) (26) (20) (678) 730 Income tax provision—Non-GAAP items (1,167) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 6,096 $ 6,404 $ 431 (6) $ 9,671 $ 1.69 See end of tables for notes. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 17 -

Second-Quarter 2024 to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 3,300 $ 3,717 $ 1,107 $ 41 $ 0.01 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,307 Acquisition-related items (445) (10) (18) 617 Discontinued operations — — — (20) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (50) (36) — 1,215 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (240) 240 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — (342) 342 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — (2) 2 Other(5) (37) (3) (247) 292 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (635) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 2,768 $ 3,669 $ 258 (6) $ 3,400 $ 0.60 Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 6,679 $ 7,212 $ 1,787 $ 3,156 $ 0.55 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 2,615 Acquisition-related items (762) (16) (21) 1,125 Discontinued operations — — — (20) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (71) (65) — 1,198 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (349) 349 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — (317) 317 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — (5) 5 Other(5) (42) (8) (541) 599 Income tax provision—Non-GAAP items (1,271) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 5,804 $ 7,123 $ 555 (6) $ 8,074 $ 1.42 PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 18 -

(1) Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income/(loss) from continuing operations were 4.6% and (0.8)% for the three and six months ended June 29, 2025, respectively, and 130.2% and 4.8% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. See Note (6) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were 13.2% and 10.3% for the three and six months ended June 29, 2025, respectively, and 12.9% and 15.1% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. (2) The amounts for the second quarter and first six months of 2025 and 2024 include reconciling amounts for Research and development expenses that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations. (3) Includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. (4) See Note (5) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. (5) For the second quarter and first six months of 2025, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustments of $512 million and $678 million, respectively, primarily include charges of $422 million for the second quarter and $564 million for the first six months for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability and other legal expenses. For the second quarter of 2024, the total Other (income)/ deductions––net adjustment of $247 million primarily included charges of (i) $169 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer and (ii) $104 million mostly related to Pfizer’s share of an investee capital transaction recognized by Haleon plc (Haleon) for treasury stock Haleon purchased in the first quarter of 2024. For the first six months of 2024, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustment of $541 million primarily included charges of (i) $377 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer and (ii) $351 million mostly related to (a) our equity-method accounting pro-rata share of intangible asset amortization, impairments and restructuring costs recorded by Haleon, as well as (b) adjustments to our equity-method basis differences and (c) Pfizer’s share of the aforementioned investee capital transaction, partially offset by (iii) a $150 million realized gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon. (6) The components of non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net include the following: Second-Quarter Six Months (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Interest income $ (156) $ (130) $ (299) $ (259) Interest expense 656 781 1,313 1,573 Net interest expense 500 651 1,014 1,314 Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (92) (107) (192) (214) Haleon equity method (income)/loss — (145) — (303) Other, net (222) (140) (391) (242) Non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net $ 186 $ 258 $ 431 $ 555 See Note (5) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above for additional information on the components comprising GAAP Reported Other (income)/deductions––net. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES NOTES TO RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 19 -

2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 14,653 $ 13,283 10% 10% $ 8,894 $ 7,892 13% $ 5,759 $ 5,391 7% 6% GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 14,305 $ 12,991 10% 10% $ 8,793 $ 7,828 12% $ 5,512 $ 5,163 7% 6% Primary Care $ 5,540 $ 4,952 12% 12% $ 3,431 $ 2,938 17% $ 2,109 $ 2,014 5% 4% Eliquis(b) 2,003 1,877 7% 6% 1,322 1,262 5% 681 615 11% 8% Prevnar family(c) 1,383 1,359 2% 2% 860 832 3% 523 527 (1%) — Paxlovid 427 251 70% 71% 328 68 * 99 184 (46%) (45%) Comirnaty 381 195 96% 95% 176 58 * 205 137 49% 49% Nurtec ODT/Vydura 359 356 1% 1% 333 339 (2%) 25 17 48% 47% Abrysvo 143 56 * * 101 41 * 42 15 * * FSME-IMMUN/TicoVac 109 100 9% 6% 1 1 16% 108 99 9% 6% All other Primary Care 736 759 (3%) (3%) 309 338 (9%) 427 421 1% 2% Specialty Care $ 4,378 $ 4,083 7% 7% $ 2,085 $ 1,973 6% $ 2,293 $ 2,110 9% 9% Vyndaqel family(d) 1,615 1,323 22% 21% 990 861 15% 626 462 35% 32% Xeljanz 322 303 6% 6% 206 181 14% 115 122 (5%) (6%) Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 166 144 15% 16% — — — 166 144 15% 16% Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 163 150 9% 10% — — — 163 150 9% 10% Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 154 179 (14%) (14%) — — — 154 179 (14%) (14%) Inflectra 139 97 43% 43% 100 43 * 39 54 (28%) (26%) Zithromax 56 74 (25%) (25%) — — * 56 74 (25%) (25%) Genotropin 106 119 (10%) (10%) 18 28 (37%) 89 91 (2%) (1%) Cresemba 111 71 56% 55% — — — 111 71 56% 55% Cibinqo 69 47 47% 46% 24 15 59% 44 32 41% 40% All other Hospital 1,087 1,146 (5%) (5%) 586 609 (4%) 501 537 (7%) (6%) All other Specialty Care 390 429 (9%) (8%) 161 235 (31%) 229 194 18% 20% Oncology $ 4,387 $ 3,956 11% 11% $ 3,277 $ 2,918 12% $ 1,110 $ 1,038 7% 6% Ibrance 1,049 1,130 (7%) (8%) 696 741 (6%) 353 390 (9%) (11%) Xtandi(e) 566 495 14% 14% 566 495 14% — — — — Padcev 542 394 38% 38% 534 387 38% 7 7 9% 11% Oncology biosimilars(f) 353 279 26% 27% 257 177 45% 97 103 (6%) (5%) Lorbrena 251 169 49% 48% 100 70 43% 151 99 53% 52% Adcetris(g) 255 279 (9%) (9%) 248 271 (9%) 6 7 (11%) (9%) Inlyta 243 252 (4%) (4%) 132 151 (13%) 111 101 9% 10% Braftovi/Mektovi 182 148 23% 23% 171 142 21% 10 6 60% 67% Bosulif 149 167 (11%) (12%) 116 118 (1%) 32 49 (34%) (36%) Tukysa 132 121 9% 8% 107 97 11% 24 24 — (2%) Aromasin 111 87 27% 28% 1 1 (10%) 111 87 27% 28% Elrexfio 85 22 * * 35 18 96% 50 5 * * Talzenna 46 32 44% 43% 34 25 37% 12 7 67% 62% Tivdak 46 33 39% 38% 43 32 34% 2 1 * * All other Oncology 380 347 10% 10% 237 194 22% 143 153 (7%) (6%) PFIZER CENTREONE(h) $ 328 $ 278 18% 18% $ 81 $ 49 65% $ 247 $ 229 8% 8% PFIZER IGNITE $ 20 $ 15 38% 38% $ 20 $ 15 38% $ — $ — — — Total Alliance revenues included above $ 2,273 $ 2,067 10% 9% $ 1,837 $ 1,680 9% $ 437 $ 387 13% 10% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 426 $ 345 23% 23% $ 423 $ 344 23% $ 3 $ 2 58 53 See end of tables for notes. PFIZER INC. - REVENUES SECOND-QUARTER 2025 and 2024 - (UNAUDITED) - 20 -

2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 28,367 $ 28,162 1% 2% $ 17,268 $ 17,406 (1%) $ 11,100 $ 10,756 3% 5% GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 27,746 $ 27,595 1% 1% $ 17,078 $ 17,254 (1%) $ 10,668 $ 10,341 3% 5% Primary Care $ 11,236 $ 12,163 (8%) (7%) $ 7,009 $ 8,033 (13%) $ 4,228 $ 4,131 2% 4% Eliquis(b) 3,926 3,917 — 1% 2,621 2,675 (2%) 1,305 1,242 5% 7% Prevnar family(c) 3,043 3,050 — — 2,030 1,981 2% 1,013 1,069 (5%) (3%) Comirnaty 945 548 72% 74% 406 176 * 540 373 45% 47% Paxlovid(i) 918 2,286 (60%) (59%) 675 1,868 (64%) 244 418 (42%) (39%) Nurtec ODT/Vydura 607 533 14% 14% 561 506 11% 46 27 68% 69% Abrysvo 274 201 36% 39% 164 172 (5%) 110 29 * * FSME-IMMUN/TicoVac 172 165 4% 4% 2 2 1% 170 163 4% 4% All other Primary Care 1,350 1,463 (8%) (6%) 550 652 (16%) 800 811 (1%) 1% Specialty Care $ 8,364 $ 7,926 6% 7% $ 3,986 $ 3,732 7% $ 4,378 $ 4,194 4% 7% Vyndaqel family(d) 3,101 2,460 26% 27% 1,976 1,612 23% 1,125 848 33% 34% Xeljanz 450 497 (10%) (9%) 226 255 (11%) 223 242 (8%) (6%) Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 330 311 6% 7% — — — 330 311 6% 7% Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 299 275 8% 12% — — — 299 275 8% 12% Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 294 338 (13%) (10%) — — — 294 338 (13%) (10%) Inflectra 291 255 14% 15% 202 140 45% 89 116 (23%) (20%) Zithromax 213 274 (22%) (20%) — — (75%) 213 274 (22%) (20%) Genotropin 201 239 (16%) (13%) 29 58 (51%) 172 181 (5%) (1%) Cresemba 184 146 26% 27% — — — 184 146 26% 27% Cibinqo 127 89 43% 44% 48 38 25% 79 50 57% 59% All other Hospital 2,170 2,221 (2%) (1%) 1,202 1,175 2% 968 1,046 (7%) (5%) All other Specialty Care 705 821 (14%) (12%) 302 453 (33%) 402 368 9% 14% Oncology $ 8,145 $ 7,505 9% 9% $ 6,083 $ 5,490 11% $ 2,062 $ 2,015 2% 4% Ibrance 2,026 2,184 (7%) (7%) 1,354 1,420 (5%) 671 765 (12%) (11%) Xtandi(e) 1,023 913 12% 12% 1,023 913 12% — — — — Padcev 967 735 32% 32% 953 721 32% 14 14 5% 6% Oncology biosimilars(f) 617 543 14% 15% 434 336 29% 183 207 (12%) (8%) Lorbrena 473 332 42% 44% 192 129 49% 281 203 38% 40% Adcetris 472 536 (12%) (12%) 461 524 (12%) 11 12 (10%) (7%) Inlyta 462 489 (6%) (5%) 261 292 (11%) 201 197 2% 4% Braftovi/Mektovi 317 264 20% 21% 299 252 19% 18 12 57% 66% Bosulif 300 313 (4%) (4%) 236 219 8% 64 93 (32%) (31%) Tukysa 234 227 3% 3% 190 186 2% 44 41 6% 7% Aromasin 219 170 29% 31% 1 1 (16%) 218 169 29% 31% Elrexfio 145 35 * * 66 29 * 79 6 * * Talzenna 86 55 56% 57% 63 42 50% 23 13 77% 78% Tivdak 79 60 31% 31% 74 60 24% 5 1 * * All other Oncology 725 648 12% 13% 475 365 30% 250 283 (12%) (9%) PFIZER CENTREONE(h) $ 585 $ 535 9% 10% $ 153 $ 120 28% $ 432 $ 416 4% 5% PFIZER IGNITE $ 37 $ 32 16% 16% $ 37 $ 32 16% $ — $ — — — Total Alliance revenues included above $ 4,386 $ 4,240 3% 4% $ 3,563 $ 3,461 3% $ 823 $ 779 6% 7% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 734 $ 608 21% 21% $ 728 $ 606 20% $ 6 $ 2 * * PFIZER INC. - REVENUES SIX MONTHS 2025 and 2024 - (UNAUDITED) - 21 -

PFIZER INC. NOTES TO REVENUES TABLE INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (a) In 2025, the commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment is composed of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division and the Pfizer International Commercial Division. For additional information regarding our commercial organizational structure, see the Item 1. Business––Commercial Operations section of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K (available at www.pfizer.com). (b) Reflects alliance revenues and product revenues. (c) Prevnar family includes revenues from Prevnar 20/Apexxnar (pediatric and adult) and Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 (pediatric and adult). (d) Vyndaqel family includes global revenues from Vyndaqel, as well as revenues for Vyndamax in the U.S. and Vynmac in Japan. (e) Primarily reflects alliance revenues and royalty revenues. (f) Biosimilars are highly similar versions of approved and authorized biological medicines. Oncology biosimilars primarily include Ruxience, Retacrit, Zirabev, Trazimera and Nivestym. (g) Reflects product revenues and royalty revenues. (h) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) includes revenues from our contract manufacturing and our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships. (i) The amount for the first six months of 2024 included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million EUA-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. Amounts may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. - 22 -

DISCLOSURE NOTICE: Except where otherwise noted, the information contained in this earnings release and the related attachments is as of August 5, 2025. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this earnings release and the related attachments as a result of new information or future events or developments. This earnings release and the related attachments contain forward-looking statements about, among other topics, our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections; reorganizations; business plans, strategy, goals and prospects; expectations for our product pipeline, in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches, discontinuations, clinical trial results and other developing data, revenue contribution and projections, potential pricing and reimbursement, potential market dynamics, including demand, market size and utilization rates and growth, performance, timing of exclusivity and potential benefits; potential impact of tariffs and pricing dynamics; strategic reviews; leverage and capital allocation objectives; an enterprise-wide cost realignment program (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); a Manufacturing Optimization Program to reduce our cost of goods sold (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); dividends and share repurchases; plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, including our acquisition of Seagen and our licensing agreement with 3SBio, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities and prospects; manufacturing and product supply; our ongoing efforts to respond to COVID-19; our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and the expected seasonality of demand for certain of our products. Given their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions and we cannot assure you that any outcome expressed in these forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use future dates or use words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning. Pfizer’s financial guidance is based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of research and development (R&D) activities, including the ability to meet anticipated preclinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; and uncertainties regarding the future development of our product candidates, including whether or when our product candidates will advance to future studies or phases of development or whether or when regulatory applications may be filed for any of our product candidates; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; • regulatory decisions impacting labeling, approval or authorization, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain or maintain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the conduct or outcome of post-approval clinical trials, pharmacovigilance or Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential; • the success and impact of external business development activities, including the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of - 23 -

any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business or operations relationships; risks related to growing revenues for certain acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products remains endemic and seasonal and/or COVID-19 infection rates do not follow prior patterns, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, which has in the past and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory or other unanticipated charges; risks related to our ability to develop and commercialize variant adapted vaccines, combinations and/or treatments; uncertainties related to recommendations and coverage for, and the public’s adherence to, vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations, including uncertainties related to the potential impact of narrowing recommended patient populations; whether or when our EUAs or biologics licenses will expire, terminate or be revoked; and potential third-party royalties or other claims related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of global trade tensions, as well as currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation or deflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; • any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications or disputes related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other payors; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and recent and possible future changes in global financial markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions, tariffs and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes; • risks and uncertainties related to issued or future executive orders or other new, or changes in, laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs or other trade policy; • the risk and impact of tariffs on our business, which is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs or other retaliatory actions imposed by other countries; • the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters; - 24 -

• any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the resulting economic or other consequences; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, such as our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines, and our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved and any regulatory or other impact on Oxbryta and other sickle cell disease assets; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including any potential future phases, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs, organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate-related goals and progress our environmental sustainability and other priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings: • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation, including executive orders or other change in laws, regulations or policy, or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B Drug Pricing Program or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) and the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, including the potential for international reference pricing, including MostFavored-Nation drug pricing, intellectual property, reimbursement or access to or recommendations for our medicines and vaccines, taxes or other restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising; limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets; • risks and uncertainties related to changes to vaccine or other healthcare policy in the U.S.; • legislation or regulatory action in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, data protection and cybersecurity, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain products to control costs in those markets; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to legal proceedings and actual or alleged environmental contamination; • the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws, regulations and policies affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, as well as changes in such laws, regulations or policies or their interpretation, including, among others, new or changes in tariffs, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., including the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which was enacted on July 4, 2025, and is still subject to further guidance; the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024, government cost-cutting measures and related impacts on, among other matters, government staffing, resources and ability to timely review and process regulatory or other submissions; restrictions related to certain data transfers and transactions involving certain countries; and potential changes to existing tax laws, tariffs, or changes to other laws, regulations or policies in the U.S., including by the U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, as well as in other countries; Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Cybersecurity: • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; - 25 -

• risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in loss of patent coverage; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure from, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products; • any significant breakdown or interruption of our information technology systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); • any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack, which may include those using adversarial artificial intelligence techniques, or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; and • risks and challenges related to the use of software and services that include artificial intelligence-based functionality and other emerging technologies. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. A further list and description of risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, in each case including in the sections thereof captioned “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in our subsequent reports on Form 8-K. This earnings release may include discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/ or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. The information contained on our website or any third-party website is not incorporated by reference into this earnings release. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners. Certain of the products and product candidates discussed in this earnings release are being co-researched, codeveloped and/or co-promoted in collaboration with other companies for which Pfizer’s rights vary by market or are the subject of agreements pursuant to which Pfizer has commercialization rights in certain markets. - 26 -