=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS EDITED TRANSCRIPT PFE.N - Q1 2025 Pfizer Inc Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: APRIL 29, 2025 / 2:00PM GMT

OVERVIEW: Company Summary REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Francesca DeMartino Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer Albert Bourla Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer David Denton Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Aamir Malik Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Alexandre De Germay Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief International Commercial Officer Chris Boshoff Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Andrew Baum Pfizer Inc - Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Vamil Divan Guggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst Evan Seigerman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst Tim Anderson BofA Global Research - Analyst Steve Scala TD Cowen - Analyst Umer Raffat Evercore ISI - Analyst Chris Schott JPMorgan - Analyst Geoff Meacham Citi - Analyst Trung Huynh UBS Equities - Analyst Kerry Holford Berenberg - Analyst Akash Tewari Jefferies - Analyst Terence Flynn Morgan Stanley - Analyst Dave Risinger Leerink Partners - Analyst Mohit Bansal Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst Courtney Breen Bernstein - Analyst Asad Haider Goldman Sachs - Analyst PRESENTATION Operator Good day everyone and welcome to Pfizer's first-quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am. Francesca DeMartino - Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer Good morning and welcome to Pfizer's earnings call. I'm Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On behalf of the Pfizer team, thank you for joining us. This call is being made available via audio webcast at pfizer.com. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Earlier this morning, we released our results for the first quarter of 2025 via a press release that is available on our website at Pfizer.com. I'm joined today by Dr. Albert Bourla, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Denton, our CFO. Albert and Dave have some prepared remarks, and we will then open the call for questions. Members of our leadership team will be available for the Q&A session. Before we get started, I want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements and discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. I encourage you to read the disclaimers in our slide presentation, the press release we issued this morning and the disclosures in our SEC filings, which are all available on the IR website at Pfizer.com. Forward-looking statements on the call are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, speak only as of the call's original date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Albert. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Francesca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. We are very pleased with our performance in the first quarter as we continue to execute with focus and discipline on our strategic priorities. We are strengthening our R&D organization in our efforts to advance our pipeline and productivity, we are maximizing the value of key products in our commercial portfolio, and we are improving operating margins with our continued progress in making our company more efficient. In the current volatile external environment, the underlying strength of our business and strong relationships with government leaders across the world help us navigate with agility. While we continue to engage and plan for contingencies, we are focusing day to day on what we can do to move our business forward. I want to emphasize our continued confidence that we are well positioned to enhance shareholder value. Now, I will turn to our top strategic priority in 2025, improving R&D productivity as we advance our pipeline with sharpened focus. We are intensifying our rigorous commercial assessment and portfolio prioritization from early clinical development. This means we will be disciplined in managing our portfolio, directing investment and attention to potential blockbuster or mega-blockbuster, and scrutinizing the total number of assets under development. Our danuglipron announcement earlier this month demonstrates our commitment to this approach. Discontinuing the development of danuglipron, one of the candidates in our obesity portfolio, although difficult, was the right decision for the company. Going forward, we are committed to building our cardiometabolic pipeline, including obesity, by advancing internal programs such as our GIPR antagonist and pursuing external opportunities that could include partnerships or acquisitions. We will continue to be disciplined as we move through key decision points for our pipeline or our business development targets. We believe we have the potential to address significant patient need with differentiated approaches that focus on supporting optimal weight management and related conditions. We will work on potential medicines and combination regimens that could be more accessible, better tolerated, easier to dose and more effective in supporting the right effects on body composition and muscle mass. In addition to sharpening our focus in internal medicine, since expanding his role in January as our Chief Scientific Officer, Chris Boshoff has moved both thoughtfully and quickly in reshaping our R&D organization to also center on oncology, vaccines, and inflammation immunology in addition to internal medicines. Chris has enhanced his leadership team with some terrific additions who are recognized as leaders in their field. Patrizia Cavazzoni is our new Chief Medical Officer, Jeff Legos is our new Chief Oncology Officer, and Jim List is our new Chief Internal Medicine Officer. These leaders each bring many years of experience, deep expertise and proven track records in guiding the discovery, development and approval of practice changing therapies and they are an excellent addition to our already strong cast of leaders in R&D. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We are on track for a strong year of anticipated pipeline catalysts in 2025. We are making progress toward anticipated multiple key milestones, including at least four regulatory decisions, up to nine Phase 3 readouts, and a significant series of pivotal program starts. With one of our key oncology programs, we aim to bring forward what could represent the first potential treatment advancement in more than 30 years for patients with BCG-naïve, high-risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. We’re encouraged by a positive readout for the pivotal Phase 3 CREST trial of sasanlimab in combination with BCG, a current standard of care. We presented the full data from this study this past weekend at the annual meeting of the American Urological Association. Non-muscle invasive bladder cancer is a condition predominantly treated by urologists. In multiple market research and focus group studies, urologists stated a significant preference for a subcutaneous PD1 because it can be used in their practices and eliminates the need to refer patients to infusion centers. We also anticipate meaningful readouts this year for Padcev and Elrexfio. Padcev already is a core therapy in our Oncology portfolio. Padcev plus pembrolizumab is the most prescribed first-line treatment for locally advanced/metastatic urothelial cancer in the US. We are working toward more than doubling the total addressable patient population in the US for Padcev with potentially registrational interim data we expect this year from ongoing pivotal studies in muscle invasive bladder cancer. We are also working to reach a significantly expanded population of patients with multiple myeloma. We're anticipating a Phase 3 readout this year for Elrexfio in a study for double-class exposed relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. If successful and approved, this would more than double the addressable population versus the currently approved indication. In addition to the increased addressable population, moving to earlier lines of therapy is expected to increase the duration of treatment and potentially create an inflection point in Elrexfio's growth. We expect to begin pivotal studies for our investigational PDL1 vedotin ADC later this year for first-line metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma and second-line non-small cell lung cancer. We also anticipate a first-line pivotal study start for SV, sigvotatug vedotin. This is a novel integrin beta 6- targeting vedotin ADC that, if successful and approved, has the opportunity to change the standard of care globally for IB6-expressing tumors. Both these ADCs, PDL1V and SV are potential first-in-class ADCs using a vedotin payload that elicits immunogenic cell death and in combination with an immune checkpoint inhibitor demonstrates significant results. Early data for PDL1V and SV in combination with pembrolizumab are highly encouraging. With both ADCs, we are targeting non-small cell lung cancer, the most frequently diagnosed cancer globally and the leading cause of cancer-related deaths. Lung cancer represents a substantial area of patient need and a growing market with the highest projected CAGR in Oncology through 2030. In vaccines, another of our priority therapeutic areas, we see opportunities to enhance and augment our strong positions in the market. We're also planning a potential registrational study in adults later this year with our fourth-generation PCV candidate. With our fourth- and fifth-generation PCV candidates, we believe we can build on our leadership in the industry. Our fourth-generation candidate covers 25 serotypes, including potentially improved immunogenicity for serotype 3, which is one of the largest remaining contributors of disease. We are also working to accelerate progress with our fifth-generation candidate, which is in preclinical development and covers over 30 serotypes As we continue to scrutinize the number of programs we are actively advancing, we'll have opportunities to accelerate or add others to help address significant patient need. One example is the recent accelerated start of a pivotal study of Nurtec for menstrually related migraine, which is estimated to impact more than half of women who experience migraine. We look forward to providing future updates about our pipeline progress as we continue to sharpen our focus on our most meaningful programs in prioritized therapeutic areas. Commercial excellence in our key categories is another 2025 strategic priority. More than a year ago we decided to separate the US and International operations. Under the leadership of Aamir Malik, our chief US Commercial Officer; and Alexandre de Germay, our Chief International Commercial REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Officer, we refined our commercial model to bring heightened focus helping us strategically prioritize our most impactful products and regions. It's working well. In the US, our team demonstrated focus, the strength of our key products and continuous improvement in execution. In International, we were back to operational growth in the first quarter across all parts of the division. This was the result of prioritization and disciplined focus on key growth drivers to maximize return and accelerate new product penetration there. Our performance was strong, both in the US and International markets across several key products, including the Vyndaqel family, Nurtec, Padcev and Lorbrena. Our Vyndaqel family of products had robust growth in the quarter, though we are seeing the impact of competition with a new market entrant and we anticipate this will continue through the year. We will work toward maintaining our market-leading position that has come from six years of establishing credibility and expertise with the cardiology community. Our team remains committed to addressing high unmet patient need by helping to improve diagnosis and ensuring appropriate patients with ATTR-CM receive treatment. Demand continued to strengthen for Nurtec, with revenue growing 40% operationally in the quarter. Our commercial teams effectively engaged with health care professionals and we were pleased with strong outperformance of our newly launched consumer campaigns. We are pleased with the continued strength also of our Oncology portfolio. Padcev, for example, grew 25% operationally, driven by increased market share in first-line metastatic urothelial cancer. Lorbrena grew 39% operationally as we continued to see strong adoption with it emerging as a potential first-line standard of care for patients with ALK plus metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. I&I is another key commercial category for Pfizer and we’re drawing on our extensive experience in launching medicines in this therapeutic area. Familiarity among health care professionals continued to improve for Cibinqo, which grew 42% operationally in the quarter. Our commercial team is continuing to work toward increased patient access for this JAK inhibitor for patients ages 12 and up with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. With Litfulo we’re encouraged by the growth we’ve seen to date. We’ll seek to further unlock access to this advanced systemic treatment for patients with severe alopecia areata. These highlights show how we are positioned to further expand and sustain our performance trajectory among our core brands. And with that, now I’ll turn it over to Dave to speak about the other two strategic priorities. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Thank you, Albert, and good morning. I’ll begin this morning by reinforcing the fact that our solid financial results demonstrate our strong executional focus. We continue to concentrate on driving positive patient outcomes and delivering on our financial commitments, while navigating an ever-complex external environment. Our productivity improvement programs continue to drive a more efficient organization enhanced by our strong operating margin in the quarter. Going forward, we expect to improve our cash flows, reduce our debt leverage and have more flexibility for our three capital allocation pillars. Our focus remains on creating long-term shareholder value. We will continue to invest in our business for the long term while prudently returning capital to our shareholders. Now, let me start with our first-quarter results, touch on our capital allocation priorities, and then our cost improvement initiatives. I'll finish with a few comments on the macro environment, and our 2025 guidance, which we are reaffirming today. For the first quarter of 2025, we recorded revenues of $13.7 billion, a decline of 6% operationally. The decline was largely due to lower Paxlovid revenues, in part due to last year’s one-time Paxlovid revenue credit recorded in Q1 2024. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

In addition, US revenue was tempered by changes in the IRA Medicare Part D design, which took effect in the first quarter. Partially offsetting the decline was growth in several in-line products in the US and overall growth internationally. On the bottom line, we reported first quarter 2025 diluted EPS of $0.52 a share and Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.92, ahead of our expectations due to overall strong gross margin and cost management performance. Our performance continues to show that our refined commercial approach is working. We continue to focus on key products and geographies, the deployment of our commercial field resources globally, and the continued optimization of our marketing resources into key priority areas. We saw strong contributions across our product portfolio, primarily driven by the Vyndaqel family, Comirnaty, Padcev, Nurtec and Lorbrena more than offset by declines in Paxlovid, Eliquis, Xeljanz and Ibrance. Adjusted gross margin for the first quarter expanded to approximately 81%, primarily the result of favorability in accrued royalties, partially offset by unfavorable product mix. Focus on cost management across our manufacturing network will remain a priority. Total Adjusted operating expenses were $5.2 billion for the first quarter of 2025, a 12% decline operationally versus last year. Looking at the components, Adjusted SI&A expenses decreased 12% operationally, primarily reflecting our ongoing productivity improvements driving a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending in corporate enabling functions. Adjusted R&D expenses decreased 12% operationally, driven primarily by a decline in spending due to pipeline optimization efforts expected to be reinvested later this year and into next year. We continue to be disciplined with our operational expense management. Q1 Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.52 and our Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.92 which benefited from our efficient operating structure, in addition to favorable global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years as well as a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. With that, now let me quickly touch upon our capital allocation strategy, which is designed to enhance long term shareholder value. Our strategy consists of maintaining and growing our dividend over time; reinvesting in our business at an appropriate level of financial return; and making value enhancing share repurchases. In Q1, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders via our quarterly dividend; invested $2.2 billion in internal R&D; and completed business development activity as expected was minimal. We achieved our 3.25 gross leverage target at the end of 2024, a key priority towards improving our capacity for business development. In addition, the monetization of our Haleon investment has contributed to our improved cash position. As a reminder, in January, we monetized approximately $3.0 billion of our Haleon shares and, in March, we monetized the last tranche of our Haleon shares, receiving approximately $3.3 billion in net cash proceeds. With this sale we have now fully exited our ownership in Haleon. Overall, our objective remains to de-lever our balance sheet over time, which will further support our return to a more balanced allocation of capital between reinvestment and direct return to shareholders. We continue to be disciplined with our operational expense management, progressing multiple cost improvement programs as we remain focused on driving long-term margin improvement over the coming years. We continue to expect initial savings from Phase 1 of our manufacturing optimization program in the latter part of this year with approximately $1.5 billion in savings from Phase 1 that's expected by the end of 2027. In addition, we are progressing the evaluation of other strategies to improve our network structure and product portfolio, respectively. As part of our goal to return to pre-pandemic operating margins, we remain on track to deliver on our goal of at least $4.5 billion in cumulative net cost savings from our ongoing cost realignment program by the end of this year. And today, we announced our expectation that this program will deliver an additional $1.2 billion in net savings, primarily in SI&A, in part by leveraging digital tools, including automation and AI, as well as simplification of business processes. The savings are expected to be fully realized by the end of 2027. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Furthermore, we have identified additional opportunities to drive improvements in productivity and operational efficiency in our R&D organization, again, through enhanced digital enablement and automation. We expect approximately $500 million in savings associated with these efforts to be realized by the end of 2026 with the savings re-invested within R&D programs. Now, in total, we expect approximately $7.7 billion in savings by the end of 2027 to drive operating efficiency, strengthening our business with the potential of contributing significantly to our bottom line over the period. Now, let me turn to our full year 2025 guidance. As you are aware, the pharmaceutical industry is currently navigating a complex global landscape shaped by rapidly evolving trade and tariff policies. To help navigate this fluid environment, we've established a cross functional team to analyze a range of potential outcomes while developing strategies to help mitigate the potential impact to our business in both the short and long term. These actions include the management of current inventory levels in certain jurisdictions, leveraging our domestic manufacturing footprint, and the potential production of certain API and products in the US. Should we be impacted by further tariffs in the future, we will assess the impact of the policies enacted and provide information at the appropriate time. Let me now spend a few minutes on our 2025 guidance which remains unchanged, and to be clear, does not include the potential impact of future changes in trade and tariff policies. We expect total company full-year 2025 revenues to be in the range of $61.0 to $64.0 billion, and full-year 2025 Adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.00, which reflects our expectation of strong contributions across our product portfolio and focus on disciplined cost management. As we finish Q1 with earnings strength, and excluding the potential impact related to future tariffs and trade policy changes, we are currently trending toward the upper end of our Adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance In closing, let me emphasize several key aspects of our business. We will continue our focus and execution to maximize the commercial value of our product portfolio, and we remain committed to driving value-creating innovation while strengthening our pipeline. Additionally, our cost improvement programs are set to deliver operating margin expansion. Expected productivity gains will be driven by leveraging our digital capabilities and simplifying our business processes. Our improved balance sheets set the stage for more balanced and enhanced capital deployment, focused on creating value for our shareholders. And with that, I will now turn it back over to Albert for Q&A. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Dave. Operator, please assemble the Q&A. Let's start the Q&A. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Operator Vamil Divan, Guggenheim. Vamil Divan - Guggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe two if I could. So one, just, appreciate your prepared remarks. Mentioned the dividend. Your commitment to maintaining and growing the dividend over time. But I think we've just gotten sort of increasing questions about this from REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

investors over the last few months, especially with some of the tariff uncertainty and how that might impact cash flows. And obviously, you're now talking about maybe getting more active on the business development side. So maybe just to reinforce that if even one more time and nothing else just like the level of commitment you have there. And even if there's an impact from the tariff side, you still feel comfortable in being able to maintain and growth. And then my second question is -Okay, yes, I just had one other, if I could. Just on the COVID business and just your views obviously understand the nuances around the Paxlovid sales this quarter. And obviously vaccine sales will come late in the year. But do you still see that business being relatively stable this year relative to last year, or has that changed from what your expectation for at the beginning of the year? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Dave will tell you about dividend and then Amir and Alexandre about the comp. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yeah, Vamil, clearly consistent with my prepared remarks, the dividend remains a critical component and a key component of our capital allocation strategy. As you can tell, we've been very focused on improving the operating margin and performance of our business, thus improving our cash flow yield over time. This is all in support of all of our capital allocation priorities with dividend being a key component of that. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Dave. And let's start with Amir. Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Thanks, Vamil. So you asked about Paxlovid. Paxlovid utilization trends very closely to infection rates, and we see a 50% treatment rate and close to an 80% fulfillment rate when there's infection. And we've set up a very good commercial model to do that. I think what you saw in Q1 was largely the function of the fact that we have a lower winter wave, but we still treated over 750,000 patients starting the year with about 100,000 a week and tapering off at around 35,000 to 40,000. And while these numbers are lower than the consensus numbers, they're very much in line with our expectations and what we track for the business. And what we've seen in multiple years now is that over the course of the year, you have two COVID waves, one in the summer and one in the winter. The peaks and valleys and the timing of those vary, but we have had consistently multiple waves. And our baseline assumption is that we will have those waves this year as well, and that we will be able to execute our business, including Pax utilization in the way that I described, consistent with those waves. We've also set up a model where we can successfully transition the Medicare patients out of USG and into our traditional Medicare model beginning March 1 of this year. And so we can't predict exactly what the timing and shape of those waves will be, but we're ready to execute again. Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief International Commercial Officer Yeah, international, I will start with Comirnaty. As you know international Comirnaty is bigger than Paxlovid. Now on Comirnaty, we beat consensus quite nicely by $130 million, essentially driven by execution. As you know, in international, December is in the Q1 of 2025. So in December, we REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

continue to execute our contracts in the UK and in Europe. And in competitive setup like in Japan, we maintain very strong leadership there until the end of the vaccination. Now, as we move into Q2 and Q3, we will start actually shipping our vaccine into Southern Hemisphere countries where vaccination campaign is going to start, and in particular, in Brazil, where we won the two-year contract adult, which is a very important vaccination country. Now, when we talk about look Paxlovid, you know Paxlovid is smaller internationally. And we performed as we were expected. We have now Paxlovid commercially sold in 49 markets. So there is no more advanced purchasing phenomenon. So it's really associated with utilization. The point is, in international, we have actually low utilization compared to the US. We still need to do some work in terms of utilization and treatment. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Alexandre. Operator, please, the next question. Operator Evan Seigerman, BMO Capital Markets. Evan Seigerman - BMO Capital Markets - Analyst Hi guys, thank you so much for taking my question. And I don't want to touch on the reasons for the danu discontinuation. But I more want to look forward, as you think about a potential obesity asset, what are some key aspects of the profile that you're looking for, either from an internal perspective or potentially externally? Thank you so much. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Let's start with Chris and then go to Andrew. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thanks very much. Thanks for the question. Yeah, as Albert has stated, danuglipron was the right decision for Pfizer based on totality of data. And as we said previously, a single asymptomatic participant in a dose optimization study with rapid dose titration experience a potential drug-induced liver injury, which recovered rapidly after treatment discontinuation. Although we're not 100% sure this is due to danuglipron, the risk was high enough for us to discontinue the program while still being committed to obesity and employing our global resources for other opportunities. Cardiovascular metabolic is one of our core strategies within internal medicine, an area with significant remaining unmet need. And just a reminder, for obesity alone up to 60% of patients discontinued current approved medicines after 24 months. We will continue to apply our global capabilities to advance our pipeline of differentiated oral medicines, including our oral GIPR antagonist currently in Phase 2 and advancing our preclinical portfolio to the clinic. We believe the future will be more fragmented based on differentiated or unique combinations with an emphasis on tolerability, accessibility, and convenience. The future will also become more personalized based on combinations addressing specific diseases associated with obesity and with metabolic dysfunction, including neurology, cardiovascular, and respiratory. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And Andrew. Andrew Baum - Pfizer Inc - Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. I mean, I think Chris gave you a very full answer. I would just underline that although you referenced obesity, the role of incretins and potentially other modalities or targets more broadly needs not to be underestimated. And obviously, this extends beyond cardiovascular medicine. And we are interested in all the potential opportunities that exist with these molecules. In terms of which assets or which portfolio of assets we're seeking to build I think there's two axes. Number one, obviously, is clinical differentiation. And Albert referenced some of the ways you can do that in terms of scheduling, tolerability, muscle preservation, but there are others too. But then separately, there's commercial differentiation, which really references the indications that we pursue. So I hope that gives you some idea of our direction of travel. And when we have something to say, you'll be the first to know. Evan Seigerman - BMO Capital Markets - Analyst Good to know. Operator Tim Anderson, Bank of America. Tim Anderson - BofA Global Research - Analyst Thank you. I have a question on tariffs. I figured, if anyone is close to this, it's probably Pfizer, Albert, seeing as you’re Chairman of PhRMA. If sector-specific tariffs come through, do you think that's likely to be through the 232 investigation route? Or do you think it could still happen somehow through the IEPA route. To me, it seems like it would be 232, but not everyone agrees. And your best sense of timing for when everyone might have more information from the Administration. And then last question, is it an absolute pipe dream to think that sector-specific tariffs might really only be applied to countries that could, in fact, pose a threat to national security like China. It's hard to see Ireland being an enemy of the country. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Tim, and I would agree with the last comment that you made also. But let me tell you where we stand with tariffs. First of all, we had on April 2, an executive order, but basically placed tariffs across the board to everything we can see or feel or dream, except two things, pharmaceuticals and semiconductor. Clearly, there is risk going forward, but it's a very, very different ballgame. If you are part of the tariffs and you hope to be excluded, then if you are not part and you try not to be included. Then on April 14, the Administration made even more clear what is their concern with the pharmaceutical sectoral investigation. And they made it clear by launching it through a 232, which, as you pointed out, it is an investigation that is connected with national security threats. This is not something new. The first Trump administration had expressed serious concerns about several essential medicines that they are made outside the US. The Biden continued with these concerns. Actually, the Trump administration had also a list created with those medicines REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

in the first one. And now with the second Trump administration, not only through the 232, but through my discussions with the highest level of the government, they are confirming that this is their primary concern. And I think it's legitimate. I think no country wants to have critical medicines produced outside of the country, particularly, they don't want to have critical medicines produced in countries that tensions are high or can be escalated. So there is, I think, a very clear distinction in the way that they look at it in terms of what products they are talking about. And there is a very clear distinction as to what comes from friendly countries or what comes from adversary countries. So with all of that in mind and knowing that we are engaging and we have very productive discussions with all the Secretaries that are involved and the White House staff that are involved into that, I'm cautiously optimistic, as I said, given the data that we have not been there. And I hope that we will weather it successfully. We will work with the Administration to make sure that their concern on national security will be addressed with the best possible way. I think that was the only question, right? So, let's go to the next question, please. Operator Steve Scala, TD Cowen. Steve Scala - TD Cowen - Analyst And two questions. The first one is very similar to the one that Tim just asked. And that is, Albert, given your unique insights into the thinking in Washington do you think MFN legislation is only the most remote of possibilities or even simply not going to happen? And then secondly, what is the percent utilization of the US plants? It's great to have this vast network in the US, but if there's little or no excess capacity or flexibility, then it's a more limited advantage? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you very much for both questions. Look, on the MFN, first of all, I can't speak about what would be the intentions of the government, but I can comment on what I have seen so far. And the president issued an executive order that was focusing on pharmaceuticals. That was very, very extensive. So cover a lot of topics over that. MFN was not mentioned over there. On the contrary, what was mentioned over there was the pill penalty, but he instructed so that we will find ways to resolve. What was mentioned over there was PBM reform and transferring of rebates to the patient. What was mentioning over there was 340B reform. So I would say that -- clearly, one can say that when the President issued an executive order, then you can read into what are the priorities of the Administration. And I think that so far, the way I have seen it, it is the pill penalty, it is the 340B, it is the PBM reform, and it is to lower the cost for the patients because right now in the US, the patients they are paying disproportionately out of pocket for their medicines compared to other medical interventions. So that's my two cents on that. And again, I'm cautiously optimistic, but nothing is certain. And we are working continuously to influence the thinking and the decision making, in particular understanding what is it that they want to achieve so that we can provide productive solutions. On the percentage of utilization of our manufacturing sites, first of all, it is quite good. I don't want to go to the details, but there is ample room if there is a need to transfer production to accommodate. We have huge manufacturing capacity right now in the US, particularly for everything that REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

is injectable. And the -- our ability, if there is any, is clearly there. And without the need to build new facilities, just utilize the current ones and transfer production there. Operator Umer Raffat, Evercore ISI. Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI - Analyst I have two here, if I may. First is on dividend and second is a follow-up to something Albert mentioned. Perhaps first on dividend. I know there's obviously LOEs coming up over the next three to four years with net income and free cash flow pressures. How much of that pressure could be offset by potential OpEx cuts that you're taking underway? I guess said differently, can you hold net income at or near the current levels? That's part one of the question. And then also, if a tariff impact approaching, I don't know, 15% to 20% of bottom-line kicks in, can you still confirm your commitment to dividend? And finally, Albert, you mentioned the distinction between friendly versus unfriendly countries, but in the initial tariff announcement, that didn't necessarily seem to hold true, so why should that apply in the case of pharma? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Dave, why don't you take the dividend question? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. So Umer, clearly, in my prepared remarks and what we said very consistently is our objective is to improve our operating margin performance over time. And we've said that knowing quite well that we have LOEs approaching. Some of the improvements in productivity that we are making are in design to improve operating margin in the face of those LOEs. At the same time, our business is actually evolving such that particularly in the oncology space, where we're leaning into that business, and those products actually yield a very high gross margin and operating margin performance. So the short answer is yes, we can withstand that. And secondly, we're very focused on improving our operating margin over time in the face of those LOEs. Clearly, you've also heard us reiterate very specifically our focus on maintaining and growing our dividend over time, and we would continue to do that. And we work hard to understand the environment looking forward. And I don't want to hypothesize on what could happen, but clearly, we're watching the situation closely and our commitment to dividend is steadfast. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer And I think, David, you made also very clear quantitative calculations of what we expect. And when we put a number out there, we know that we can hit it. And David spoke about $7 billion by year 2027, while maintaining the R&D at the current levels of investment, which I think it is a key strategy to offset, first of all, to navigate an uncertain environment, that's the best way to do it is to be productive. Another comment I want to make on that is that the cuts are not across the Board or they are not by just reducing resources that are valuable. They are very strategic. And they are happening, first of all, with the deployment of technology. AI right now has a dramatic impact in the ways that we have able to secure cost reductions and digital technology in general, but also through significant business simplification that we are implementing. And we looked at every single thing of how we do things. And when you find simpler REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

things of doing it, there is a significant cost element associated. So all in all, I think, as Dave said, we have our targets, and we are very confident. You can calculate it. We made them public, and we are very confident that we will achieve them by the year 2027. Now as regards the tariffs if that would be on friendly or non-friendly countries, look, it's up to the government to decide what they're going to do. But it's very, very clear in my discussions. But national security concerns -- is very clear for my discussion at least, national security concerns are pretty much associated not with friendly countries. Operator Chris Schott, JPMorgan. Chris Schott - JPMorgan - Analyst Just my first question on guidance. Pfizer's gross margins for this year, are we -- should we still think about full year gross margins in the mid-70s range? Or has that changed following some of the upside with 1Q? And maybe just a second part of that, I'm just interested in the level of conservatism that's baked into the guidance here. It seems like the year is off to a very strong start, particularly on the cost side. And just as we think about the progression in the rest of the year, should we think about any offsets from the upside we saw this quarter? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Dave here. Clearly, we are very confident in our outlook for 2025. As you noted, we entered -- we finished Q1 in a position of strength, both from a top line and a bottom-line perspective. As I look at our operating plan, we've exceeded both top line and bottom line in Q1 based on our expectations internally. So we're off to a very solid start. Secondly, as I look forward, we're -- in Q1, we have three quarters left to go. I look at us maintaining our guidance range. But giving you some color that our top of it, we're essentially derisking the balance of the year from a financial delivery perspective. We're still faced with some uncertainty from a macro environment perspective, so we're watching that cautiously. At the same time, we're prepared to go into the vaccination season in a position of strength, but really with still some uncertainty around how the macro environment might play out in that space as well. So I hope that helps. I think from a gross margin perspective, off to a nice start. We haven't changed our guidance and our color on that. But we're continuing to focus on improving our gross margin over time and improving our operating margin over time, which I think is even a more critical component for us. And if you look -- in Q1, we posted a little over 40% from an operating margin perspective with really solid performance. So again, off to a really solid start. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you. So you don't have any conservatives in your guidance. He is the best. Operator Geoff Meacham, Citi. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Geoff Meacham - Citi - Analyst I had two quick ones. Albert and Andrew, just from a strategy perspective, what would you say ranks as a higher priority just with respect to how you tier what would be multiple BD actions? Is it the TAM? Is it sales through LOE? Is it peak sales after? I wasn't sure how much that's evolved in the current macro backdrop? And then I guess a question for Albert, what incentives would you want to see in tariff negotiations that would maybe tip the balance for Pfizer to increase manufacturing investments here in the US? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes. On the strategy, maybe I make some comments and then I ask also, Andrew. It is very clear that we are facing -- everybody knows LOEs. Those LOEs are starting in '26, '27, '28, '26 is a smaller number, '27 is a bigger number, '28 is the biggest number, then goes down. LOEs are one-time events, right? So to prepare for that, we had a significant number of new launches that they are growing. And we did significant business development, but it is growing because they were all early assets, what we bought. So they were, let's say, having in front of them the growth period. So what we project, it is that those growing assets will offset the LOEs in '26, '27, '28, more or less. And then following that because, of course, LOEs are a one-time event, they continue growing. And then we have a significant step up in the growth when the last LOE is going out. Now what is our strategy in addition to having business development and new product launches. As we know that with the LOEs we are not going to be a strong top line growth story for the next three years, given the LOEs, we expect to become a EPS growth story. And this is why you see here right now the very acute focus on our improvement of margins. Also, we expect even more importantly, that will be a pipeline story during the next three years. We are very focused in the R&D productivity. We are -- we have learned from past mistakes in the R&D productivity. We are moving with very decisive steps to bring new Phase 3 studies. And I think once the studies start, also people will start modeling in their models or upgrading the probabilities of success as we are moving to Phase 3 studies to reflect what I just told you that as the pipeline matures, the growth post should look among the top tier of the industry. So that's more or less a strategy. Now, within that, we have $10 billion to $15 billion of capital to allocate that we are very prudent in how to do it, and Andrew will speak about it. But in the bottom line, it is that we would like to see in the first three years, a multiple expansion given the maturation of our pipeline. And of course, an EPS growth given our strong focus on the costs. And Andrew -- and the BD will be a bonus to all of that. What do you think? Andrew Baum - Pfizer Inc - Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President So just on -- I think Albert gave you a very clear answer. In answer, just picking up on the a specific question that you asked, I think it's all of the above, TAM, LOE as well as obviously as value. I think the other thing I would also add that perhaps you didn't mention is I'm very keen that we build sustainable franchises. And I'm thinking more of the longer term and the shorter term, but we need to have breadth and durability just as we've done internally with expanding and building on Ibrance franchise with our novel CDK4, CDK2s, and we have other assets as well within breast cancer and some with ADCETRIS. BD is another tool within our arsenal to build on the internal discovery and development that we have with our existing pipeline. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

On the tariff negotiations that you said, what would you expect to see so that you will invest in the US? I think it's certain. If I know that there will not be tariffs and the heavy certainty, then there are tremendous investments that can happen in this country, both in R&D and manufacturing. And the reason is that the tax environment that has forced a lot of manufacturing outside the US has significantly changed now. We have a global minimum tax around 15% that has been established right now. So it's not as good in the US. Although when President Trump did the first tax, we had a huge inflection of capital coming back from Pfizer and others. And now I'm sure and I know because I talked to him, but he would like to see even a reduction in the current tax regime particularly for locally produced goods. So that would be a huge incentive to also bring manufacturing here, right? And it's not that bad, but that requires a lot of capital. And in periods of uncertainty, everybody is controlling their cost as we are doing. And then it's very frugal with their investments as we are doing so that we are prepared for any day. So that's what I want to see. Operator Trung Huynh, UBS. Trung Huynh - UBS Equities - Analyst Just another one on costs and guidance and one on BD. So on your cost realignment program, you announced an additional $1.2 billion saving by $27 million. How much of that can come out in '25? And how should we think about the step-up of costs for the rest of the year following what seems to be you guys exceeding savings targets, but also reiterating a guide? And then on BD, you've mentioned external opportunities. How much is the macro environment impacting your decision in the timing of BD given the volatility and unknowns? And then on the other side of the table, do you think sellers are hesitating given valuations are meaningfully lower than the start of the year? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Dave, why don't you take the guidance and then Andrew, you can speak to BD a little bit. And I will also comment David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer On the cost side, keep in mind that we're focused on taking $4.5 billion out by the end of this year, well on track with that. The additional $1.2 billion that we've identified, probably modest delivery of that in 2025, most of that in '26 and '27, but maybe a little bit. I think from an R&D perspective, the $500 million that we're saving in improving productivity and R&D, largely that will happen this year to be reinvested in R&D late this year or maybe even bleed into next year to some degree. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you. And on BD, Andrew, valuations are low, uncertain though is high, so how you see things? REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Andrew Baum - Pfizer Inc - Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. I mean I think as you might imagine, we're very awake to the external environment, but we're comfortable with the $10 billion to $15 billion budget that Dave effectively forecast or gave at the beginning of this year. In terms of the question of have sellers Adjusted to the new valuation the market is applying, I think it depends. I think generally, it takes some time in some categories where there is increasing therapeutic density because there's an ever-expanding array of assets mainly coming from China. I think there's an additional force, which is causing companies to become more amenable to lower valuations. But I think it really depends. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer And Trung, what I tell my team constantly is never let a good crisis go to waste. And with crisis, there are risks, but also there are tremendous opportunities because things are changing, the status quo change. So you need to be strategic. You need to be smart. You need to be disciplined. But you need as Warren Buffet said, sell when prices are high and buy when prices are low. And prices are low. Operator Kerry Holford, Berenberg. Kerry Holford - Berenberg - Analyst Firstly, in the context of US tariffs and the debate there, I wonder if you might tell us what proportion of your US drug sales are currently made end to end in the US. Can you give some examples of brands that delivered end-to-end in the US today? And then a question for David on COGS. Can you just quantify the US dollar impact of that revision of estimated accrued lots in Q1? Can you tell us what that specifically relates to and just to confirm that's intended to be a one-off adjustment? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Kerry. Look, around which percentage of production we have here, et cetera, we are not disclosing this information. So we won't go into those details. When it comes to the impact of the US dollar, I will ask Dave to comment. Dave also you speak about the impact of IRA so that people can get a good picture of the puts and takes of the first quarter sales. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yeah, sure. So maybe let's take this in points here. First, I know there's been a lot of volatility in FX, in currency fluctuations. We're probably an outlier in the sense that we gave guidance in December. So if you look point-to-point from December to now, FX is largely immaterial to us given the fact there's been a lot -- there's been a roller coaster ride to get from point A to point B. But right now, FX is largely not an impact to Q1 and for the balance of the year. Secondly, if you look at Medicare Part D redesigned, in Q1, it dampened our US revenues by approximately $650 million as we expected. That dampening will lessen in the back half of the year as we continue to offset that a bit with incremental prescriptions. Third, included in our guidance that we didn't really speak about is there are some tariffs in place today, we anticipate those tariffs to be approximately $150 million for 2025. We are contemplating that within our guidance range, and we continue to again, trend to the top end of our guidance range even with those costs to be incurred this year. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Operator Akash Tewari, Jefferies. Akash Tewari - Jefferies - Analyst I realize there's a lot of uncertainty on tariffs, but hearing Merck give color on Q1, it seems like some of your peers are hinting the bottom line impact of tariffs could be manageable. So let's say the tariffs are broadly 25% on your transfer price, which I'm sure is a scenario your teams planned for. Would it be fair to say that the bottom-line earnings impact would be a single-digit percent basis with reasonable mitigation steps. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Akash. I will never go to that statement, and we have made statements in the past we have been burned. So I'm very cautious and careful about that. If there are tariffs, we have detailed contingency plans that they are minimizing the impact, but I'm right now focusing more on the fact that we should not have tariffs. And only if we have, we should try to implement measures. I'm sure all companies are doing the same. Sorry, I can be more specific. I know you're interested on that. Operator Terence Flynn, Morgan Stanley. Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley - Analyst Great. Maybe two for me. Another one on tariffs. I know Scott Gottlieb is on your Board referenced a Grand Bargain on the news a couple of weeks ago. And you've given a lot of color here, Albert, in terms of your discussions with the Administration. So can you confirm if something along those lines is in the works? And the second question is on the pipeline that you guys and your partner Arvinas recently reported some Phase 3 data for Vepdeg from the VERITAC-2 study. Just wondering how that data change or impact your strategy for this drug in the frontline setting. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you very much. Unfortunately, I'm not aware of Scott's comments on the Grand Bargain. Of course, I follow him on TV, but also more importantly, I speak with him very regular, very often. And he advised me in several topics. But I don't know his comments on Grand bargain. And clearly, right now, there are two things in the horizon. One, it is an executive -- one, it is 232 process on tariffs or pharmaceuticals that have been excluded from overall tariffs, geographical profile tariffs. And that's on national security. There is also an executive order of the president that is focusing on 340B, reducing the cost of patients, PBM reform, removing the pill penalty. Those are the things that we are engaged right now, not in any other type of markets. And then on Arvinas, I will ask Chris, to comment on that. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you for the question. As you know, in the Phase 3 topline results, VERITAC-2 was reported in March and the last two months. We met the primary endpoint in the estrogen receptor 1 mutant population which was statistically significant and clinically meaningful for progression-free REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

survival. Overall survival still too early, very immature, but we did not reach statistical significance and improvement in PFS and they intend to treat overall population. We plan to present detailed results at ASCO. It's a late-breaking oral presentation. And we'll also start sharing the data with global regulatory authorities to potentially support regulatory filings. We are continuing the combinations with CDK4 atirmociclib, which we're excited about as well as with CAT6 on this project with vepdegestrant -- the combinations with vepdegestrant and shall then work with Arvinas to not just only file but work with Arvinas to discuss future plans for the Phase 3 program. Operator Dave Risinger, Leerink. Dave Risinger - Leerink Partners - Analyst Thanks very much, and thank you for all the updates. So I have two questions, Albert. First, current Washington leadership is very supportive of the traditional technology sector, but it's taking the opposite approach towards biotechnology. So not withstanding a few of the things that you mentioned that might be marginally positive, such as the pill penalty. Washington is actively degrading proven medical science, collapsing the NIH, and driving reduced investments in the biotechnology sector in the United States. Could you please comment on that? And how you and other biopharma companies are responding when you engage with Washington? And then separately, with respect to the 232 investigation, since we can't see what's going on outside, could you just explain exactly how that investigation is progressing? How Pfizer is engaging on the 232 investigation front? And what we should watch? And when should we see news on 232? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Look, we are clearly concerned about several of the statements that we have seen and approaches regarding FDA and some statements that they are not in correlation with what science has proven over the decades and what the vast majority of the scientific community. When I say vast, I'm talking 99.9% are behind. And sometimes they use this 0.1% as a point to challenge the remaining. So I think there is scientific truth. And that scientific truth, it is well presented. And this is not only a US thing, it's not only the CDC and the FDA and the NIH, but it is the UK health authorities, and it is the French health authorities, and the Spanish health authorities, and Korean health authorities, and the Japanese, and Israel. And I can go on and on. So this thing of a conspiracy theory, but someone -- it's not that the whole world and the whole authorities of the world want to implement wrong side. So I am very convinced that we are in the right side of history, and those people are in the wrong. But I want to tell you that the -- those views are not expressed by the entire Administration. And there are many people that they don't share those views. And I would say that we had also a president that -- he spearheaded the Warp Speed Operation. And he created this miracle that saved -I mean, there was no other country that had done something like that in the world. And the entire world was able to save their economies and survive based on what Operation Warp Speed did, the President and members of his Cabinet at the time on (inaudible) and Jared and all of them, they work with us to do. Actually, I told him that he should have received the Nobel Prize for that, and that was unfair that he didn’t. It was serious contribution. But the thing that I discussed with everyone in the Administration and I think that resonates a lot with Democrats and with Republicans, with everybody in the Administration, including HHS and everywhere. It is that Chinese right now are progressing with the speed of light in their science. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Biotech, it is dominant. The US has the dominant scientific position in biotech because we have created this ecosystem of biotech and pharma and academia and all of that. This is exactly what the Chinese have replicated in the last four years. And in the last four years, IRA was a significant setback for us that took down a lot of funding of the private sector towards biotech. So the biotech is now currently, also because of tariffs but also because of the four previous years, they are at historical low. And as a result, there is very little money going to the biotech. That China is doing the opposite. And right now, they are having very, very good science. And I think that's something that they should -- everybody be concerned. And they should be concerned not only from commercial but also from national security point of view. Imagine if in the next pandemic, the medicines that will help, will not be invented in this country, but in another country. That will be a problem. Now the 232 investigation, it is an investigation, but it basically is launching. And then the Secretary of Commerce is running it and is gathering information to see if there is any national security risk with the way that medicines are available in the US, the supply chain of the medicines. The process has been launched. They have requested information publicly. And companies will submit information, the PhRMA association will submit information. Everybody who has an interest on that will submit information and probably proposals. And those things will be assembled. Although the time -- this process is time limited, which I think it is 270 days, I don't recall well, but it is -- I think they need to complete it with 270 days, knowing how fast this Administration works. I think they will do the work faster. Operator Mohit Bansal, Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst And I'll have one more for you. So pharmaceutical manufacturing is a little bit more complex. There are layers of API, manufacturing of drug substances as well as fill finish. And to my understanding, a fill finish majority of part is already in the US, but I would love to understand from your conversations, is there a specific focus of the Administration to bring the API part of it or the drug substance manufacturing part of it to the US? And how feasible it is to bring API or move into some friendly countries if not Americas? Would love to get your perspective on that. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes. I think for things that they are considering national security, they are looking the entire value chain. So they want to see the precursors, the APIs, and where the products are made. And they are making very clear distinction, I think, on where those products are made so that they can assess the risk. Transferring manufacturing, even under the most lucrative investments available and even under the most favorable regulatory framework to provide approvals, et cetera, it's a multi multiyear process. So it's not something that can be resolved within a year. So I believe they will focus on a manageable number of products, which are the most important so that they can have that built and secure the national security. But I think the question right now is on everything, on API, on precursors on where the products are made, et cetera. Operator Courtney Breen, Bernstein. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Courtney Breen - Bernstein - Analyst A couple that we had, one clarification on tariffs. And apologies if we missed it. But this was just kind of if you can provide any comments on inventory and kind of work that you're doing already to bring inventory into the US. And then the second question is just on the pipeline. I know kind of you can ask some details about the things that you're looking to prioritize. But can we expect an R&D Day through -- at some point this year that will help us better understand the overall pipeline strategy and help us understand that reallocation and perhaps even better assess and evaluate that pipeline in our sell-side models? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Courtney. I will ask Chris to comment on the pipeline. But on the tariffs, as David also said, I think, in the beginning, you can imagine, we have done everything that we have to do to make sure that we mitigate. So that includes inventories, of course, and many other things that we have built into the country so that we can weather any scenario that is needed. And every month, also, we're increasing those position, so to make sure that as I said in rainy days, we are well positioned. Chris, on pipeline. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development So thank you for the question. Just to -- a reminder, we've got a number of products that we're currently excited about that will read out later this year, for instance, Padcev's muscle invasive if that's positive, it will triple the population. Elrexfio, Albert mentioned double-class exposed will double the population. Sansanlimab, obviously read out just now. Potentially up to 38,000 patients eligible in the US. And in a number of Phase 3 programs, we're accelerating or that already started or will start later this year. on the next six to nine months, including for oncology, the two ADCs Albert mentioned sigvotatug vedotin, PDL1V. Atirmociclib, continuing Phase 1 -- Phase 3 in first-line ER-positive breast cancer and vaccines, PCV fourth generation, but also potentially starting first and only-to-market opportunity with the C. difficile vaccine and for internal medicine ponsegromab, which again, discovered in-house, potential brand-new opportunity. This is opening a new field in cancer cachexia. In terms of an R&D Day, we're not planning it, but as you know, we currently have the Pflashes which is organized by our IR team. The next one coming up will be on breast cancer, and we will continue throughout the year these Pflash events. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer And in general, our intention is to provide as much visibility on our data as possible without undermining publications, of course. So I think the Pflashes are making very good job right now. And we can intensify also how we do that so that we have smaller bites of information that are referring to a specific product and after a month, another product, and after a month, another product rather than shower everyone with a lot of data and information in one day. But we will find the best way and we are listening right now. We are listening to all the analysts that they are giving us ideas on that. We are listening to all our investors. They are giving us ideas on how best to communicate our pipeline. Operator Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Asad Haider - Goldman Sachs - Analyst Thanks for all the color on the macro and tariff side. I'll ask a couple of product-specific questions. First, on Vyndaqel, can you just double-click on how competitive dynamics are playing out in that market relative to your own expectations? Second, on the internal oral GIPR agonist, can you remind us of the timelines on when we'll start to see more data? And then third, on these nine Phase 3 readouts that you're highlighting other than Elrexfio, which you've highlighted in the past, where do you see the biggest disconnect in analyst models relative to your own internal expectations? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Aamir, you talk about Vyndaqel. Chris, maybe you explain on GIPR. And Andrew, you can speak about where the biggest differences are. Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief US Commercial Officer Thanks for the question. On Vynda in the US, I think we are off to a very good start in the new year. We've grown revenue and that is a combination of multiple things, including the fact that diagnosis rates are improving. We've improved access, and therefore, have had strong new patient starts, certainly versus last year, more than 70% and versus Q4, almost 20% new patient start growth and continued compliance with our existing base of patients. And all of that has driven very, very strong volume growth year over year and sequentially. And we are managing that revenue growth despite the offset of the impact of IRA Part D redesign that Dave spoke to. Now we're obviously seeing impact of competition, principally ATTRUBY and -- principally on newly diagnosed patients. We'll continue to stay close and monitor that. how that evolves and how AMVUTTRA settles into the market as well. But the year is off to a good start. Our team is executing well, and we have confidence we will grow for the balance of the year. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Alexandre, can you comment also on Vyndaqel in the international market that is growing very healthy over there? Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief International Commercial Officer Yeah, absolutely. So we had also a good growth of 36% this quarter above expectations from the analysts. What's driving that is essentially a significant increase in our treated population. We have actually reached a 52% growth in patient treated on Vynda in Q1 versus Q1 last year. So a very healthy trends. And we see that this trend will continue for essentially three reasons. One, because our diagnosis rate has potential to expand in pretty much all our key markets outside of the US. Two, because of profile, our clinical profile is differentiated and will support our standard of care status we be living in key market, And three, which is open underestimated, we, after three years of hard work have finally reached access, reimbursement in 46 markets. And we just received actually reimbursement in Korea in March of 2025. So that will kind of flow into our business and we'll continue to sustain a significant growth, we believe. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Thank you, Alexander. Chris, GIPR? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Oral small molecule GIPR antagonist was discovered in-house. It's potentially person class oral small molecule GIPR antagonist. And the Phase 2 study is now ongoing. This is a study in obesity in combination with liraglutide with the GLP-1. The PCD is listed on clinicaltrials.gov at the end of 2025. So expect beginning 2026 potential data if the data positive in the Phase 2 study, then it could be a potential to be a using combinations to drive weight loss, both with internal or external opportunities. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you very much, Chris, and then Andrew, disconnect between our projections that you came to interrogate very carefully and your colleagues in your previous life. Andrew Baum - Pfizer Inc - Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President So I'd start with the two ADCs, which are now in Phase 3 first-line trials for non-small cell and head and neck. So SV and PD-L1V. Now part of the reason I think that the Street may have -- these may have flown under the radar is they move very, very quickly on the back of very strong Phase 1 data straight into Phase 3. And so I think some focus on that will be useful. We obviously have the benefit of having seen access to more data than you have, but we look forward to sharing that with you in the near future. And hopefully, that would align your expectations closer to ours internally. Chris already mentioned C. diff, which will begin our Phase 3 end of this year, beginning of next year. very significant unmet medical need. And then -- and this is not by any means a comprehensive list. But the two other ones I would mention is the CDK4, which I name check previously, which builds on our legacy with Ibrance. It's the first-in-class. It promises much better tolerability and efficacy. Again, it's in our frontline head-to-head trial versus the current standard of care. And that is a $15 billion-plus market. So very sizable an area that we have a lot of expertise in. And then the final one is ponsegromab, which I've addressed before. Look, we need to see how the data pans out. If it translates into a meaningful progression-free survival benefit or even a survival benefit, then obviously, it's a home run in terms of the value to both patients. But in addition, the revenue potential, alternative is supportive care therapy, and that's still a significant product, albeit at a different price point and a different order of magnitude. But nevertheless, there is a very substantial delta look further out between what I can see or we can see and how the Street is modeling some of those forecasts. So we look forward to hopefully narrowing the gap in the months ahead. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Andrew. That was the last question. And just a couple of comments. We had a very solid performance in the first quarter. Keep in mind that already $650 million negative in the US have been already absorbed in the results of the first quarter because of IRA. And that's from a total of $1 billion net, $1.5 billion gross for the year. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

So it's a very strong start. I think in the strategic priorities, we continue to guide us in acting on our greatest opportunity. The discipline will continue. I think the team that we have running right now the company, probably the best I have ever seen in Pfizer. And Pfizer had traditionally very, very strong teams. So I'm cautiously optimistic that we will turn this around. And we will translate the very good operational performance over the last five quarters at least, into also meaningful shareholder value. Thank you very much, and till the next earnings call. Operator This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time. DISCLAIMER Refinitiv reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES REFINITIV OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS. ©2025, Refinitiv. All Rights Reserved. 16295884-2025-04-29T21:18:54.083 REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

g Pfizer Reports Solid First-Quarter 2025 Results And Reaffirms 2025 Guidance ■ Delivers Robust Earnings Performance, Successfully Navigating a Dynamic Environment ■ Made Significant Progress Strengthening the R&D Organization ■ On Track to Exceed Net Cost Savings Targets NEW YORK, Tuesday, April 29, 2025 — Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) reported financial results for the first quarter of 2025 and reaffirmed its 2025 financial guidance(1). EXECUTIVE COMMENTARY Dr. Albert Bourla, Chairman and CEO of Pfizer: “We continued to execute with focus and discipline against our strategic priorities, including strengthening our R&D organization and driving improved productivity. With the underlying strength of our business, we believe we can be agile in navigating an uncertain and volatile external environment.” David Denton, CFO and EVP of Pfizer: “Our overall solid first-quarter performance demonstrates our continued focus on commercial execution amid U.S. Medicare Part D headwinds. Our focus on operational efficiency and financial discipline is driving strong results to our bottom line. We are currently trending towards the upper end of our 2025 Adjusted diluted EPS guidance range.” OVERALL RESULTS ■ First-Quarter 2025 Revenues of $13.7 Billion, Reported(2) Diluted EPS of $0.52, and Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS of $0.92 ■ On Track to Deliver Operating Margin Expansion from Ongoing Cost Realignment Program(4) with Approximately $4.5 Billion of Net Cost Savings by End of 2025, and Announces Additional Productivity Gains Expected Through 2027 Leveraging Digital Enablement and Process Simplification – Additional Anticipated Net Cost Savings of Approximately $1.2 Billion(4) Primarily in SI&A by End of 2027 – Expanded Program to Include Anticipated R&D Re-Organization Cost Savings of Approximately $500 Million by End of 2026, with Savings to be Reinvested in the Pipeline ■ First Phase of Manufacturing Optimization Program On Track to Deliver Approximately $1.5 Billion in Net Cost Savings by End of 2027 with Initial Savings Anticipated in the Latter Part of 2025 - 1 -

Some amounts in this press release may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates(5). Results for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024(6) are summarized below. ($ in millions, except per share amounts) First-Quarter 2025 2024 % Change Revenues $ 13,715 $ 14,879 (8%) Reported(2) Net Income 2,967 3,115 (5%) Reported(2) Diluted EPS 0.52 0.55 (5%) Adjusted(3) Income 5,237 4,674 12% Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS 0.92 0.82 12% REVENUES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Global Biopharmaceuticals Business (Biopharma) $ 13,441 $ 14,604 (8%) (6%) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) 257 258 — 2% Pfizer Ignite 17 17 (3%) (3%) TOTAL REVENUES $ 13,715 $ 14,879 (8%) (6%) 2025 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE(1) ■ Reaffirms All Components of Full-Year 2025 Financial Guidance(1), including Revenues in a Range of $61.0 to $64.0 Billion and Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS in a Range of $2.80 to $3.00. The company’s reaffirmed guidance does not currently include any potential impact related to future tariffs and trade policy changes, which we are unable to predict at this time. Pfizer’s 2025 financial guidance(1) is presented below. Revenues $61.0 to $64.0 billion Adjusted(3) SI&A Expenses $13.3 to $14.3 billion Adjusted(3) R&D Expenses $10.7 to $11.7 billion Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(3) Income Approximately 15.0% Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS $2.80 to $3.00 - 2 -

CAPITAL ALLOCATION During the first three months of 2025, Pfizer deployed its capital in a variety of ways, which primarily included: ▪ Reinvesting capital into initiatives intended to enhance the future growth prospects of the company, including: • $2.2 billion invested in internal research and development projects, and • Approximately $90 million invested in business development transactions. ▪ Returning capital directly to shareholders through $2.4 billion of cash dividends, or $0.43 per share of common stock. No share repurchases have been completed to date in 2025. As of April 29, 2025, Pfizer’s remaining share repurchase authorization is $3.3 billion. Current financial guidance does not anticipate any share repurchases in 2025. Pfizer has actively de-levered and as of March 30, 2025 is below our previously stated gross leverage(7) target. The company expects to continue to de-lever in a prudent manner in order to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. This includes maintaining the flexibility to deploy capital towards potential value-creating business development transactions and the potential to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,710 million and 5,697 million were used to calculate Reported(2) and Adjusted(3) diluted EPS for first-quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (First-Quarter 2025 vs. First-Quarter 2024) First-quarter 2025 revenues totaled $13.7 billion, a decrease of $1.2 billion, or 8%, compared to the prior-year quarter, reflecting an operational decrease of $908 million, or 6%, as well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $256 million, or 2%. The operational decrease was primarily driven by a decline in Paxlovid revenues, partially offset by growth from the Vyndaqel family, Comirnaty(8), and several other products across categories despite the unfavorable impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) Medicare Part D Redesign. First-quarter 2025 operational revenue reflected higher revenues primarily for: ▪ Vyndaqel family (Vyndaqel, Vyndamax, Vynmac) globally, up 33% operationally, driven largely by strong demand with continuing uptake in patient diagnosis, primarily in the U.S. and international developed markets; partially offset by lower net price in the U.S. mostly due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; ▪ Comirnaty(8) globally, up 62% operationally, driven primarily by higher revenues in the U.S. reflecting lower expected returns and higher market share, as well as higher contractual deliveries in certain international markets; ▪ Padcev globally, up 25% operationally, driven primarily by increased market share in first-line metastatic urothelial cancer (mUC); - 3 -

▪ Nurtec ODT/Vydura globally, up 40% operationally, driven primarily by strong demand in the U.S. and favorable changes in channel mix and, to a much lesser extent, recent launches in certain international markets; and ▪ Lorbrena globally, up 39% operationally, driven primarily by increased patient share in the first-line ALKpositive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ mNSCLC) treatment setting in the U.S., China, and certain other international markets; more than offset primarily by lower revenues for: ▪ Paxlovid globally, down $1.5 billion or 75% operationally, mostly driven by the U.S. market in part due to the non-recurrence of the $771 million favorable final adjustment(9) recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. The year-overyear decline was also attributable to both (i) lower COVID-19 infections across U.S. and international markets and (ii) lower international government purchases; ▪ Eliquis globally, down 4% operationally, driven primarily by lower net price in the U.S. including the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; partially offset by strong underlying demand as well as higher revenues in international markets partly due to timing of shipments; ▪ Xeljanz globally, down 31% operationally, mostly driven by lower net price in the U.S. due to unfavorable changes in channel mix as well as the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; and ▪ Ibrance globally, down 6% operationally, driven primarily by generic entry and timing of shipments in certain international markets, as well as lower net price in the U.S. mostly due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign. GAAP Reported(2) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED REPORTED(2) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Cost of Sales(2) $ 2,845 $ 3,379 (16%) (9%) Percent of Revenues 20.7% 22.7% N/A N/A SI&A Expenses(2) 3,031 3,495 (13%) (12%) R&D Expenses(2) 2,203 2,493 (12%) (11%) Acquired IPR&D Expenses(2) 9 — * * Other (Income)/Deductions—net (2) 953 680 40% 54% Effective Tax Rate on Reported(2) Income (6.8%) 8.6% * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. - 4 -

First-quarter 2025 Cost of Sales(2) as a percentage of revenues decreased by 2.0 percentage points compared to the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties and the favorable impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of changes in sales mix as well as the non-recurrence of the Paxlovid favorable final adjustment(9) recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. First-quarter 2025 SI&A Expenses(2) decreased 12% operationally compared with the prior-year quarter, primarily reflecting ongoing productivity improvements that drove a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending in corporate enabling functions, as well as lower spending on COVID-19 products. First-quarter 2025 R&D Expenses(2) decreased 11% operationally compared with the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by a net decrease in spending due to pipeline focus and optimization, as well as lower compensationrelated expenses. The unfavorable period-over-period change in Other (income)/deductions—net (2) of $273 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with the prior-year quarter, was driven primarily by (i) net losses on equity securities in the first quarter of 2025 versus net gains on equity securities in the first quarter of 2024, (ii) the non-recurrence of a gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon plc in the first quarter of 2024 and (iii) higher intangible asset impairment charges; partially offset by (iv) lower net interest expense. Pfizer’s effective tax rate on Reported(2) income for the first quarter of 2025 is negative, primarily due to favorable global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years, as well as a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. Adjusted(3) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED ADJUSTED(3) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Adjusted(3) Cost of Sales $ 2,593 $ 3,036 (15%) (8%) Percent of Revenues 18.9% 20.4% N/A N/A Adjusted(3) SI&A Expenses 3,010 3,454 (13%) (12%) Adjusted(3) R&D Expenses 2,173 2,477 (12%) (12%) Adjusted(3) Other (Income)/Deductions—net 246 296 (17%) 14% Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(3) Income 7.8% 16.6% See the reconciliations of certain Reported(2) to non-GAAP Adjusted(3) financial measures and associated footnotes in the financial tables section of this press release. - 5 -

RECENT NOTABLE DEVELOPMENTS (Since February 4, 2025) Product Developments Abrysvo (Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccine) Regulatory April 2025. Announced the European Commission (EC) amended the marketing authorization for Abrysvo to extend the indication to include prevention of lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) caused by respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in individuals 18 through 59 years of age. The authorization is valid in all 27 EU member states plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. Full Release ACIP Vote April 2025. Announced the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted to expand its recommendation for the use of RSV vaccines approved for adults 50-59 years of age at increased risk of RSV-associated LRTD, which includes Abrysvo. The updated ACIP recommendation, which lowers the recommended age for RSV vaccination from 60 to 50 for highrisk adults, is pending final approval by the director of the CDC and the Department of Health and Human Services. Full Release Adcetris (brentuximab vedotin) Regulatory February 2025. Announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Adcetris in combination with lenalidomide and a rituximab product for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL), including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified, DLBCL arising from indolent lymphoma, or high-grade B-cell lymphoma, after two or more lines of systemic therapy who are not eligible for autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (auto-HSCT) or chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy. Full Release Padcev (enfortumab vedotin-ejfv) Phase 3 Results February 2025. Pfizer and Astellas Pharma Inc. presented additional follow-up results from the Phase 3 EV-302 clinical trial (also known as KEYNOTE-A39) evaluating the efficacy and safety of Padcev plus Keytruda(10) (pembrolizumab, a PD-1 inhibitor) in patients with previously untreated locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (la/mUC). The results showed a sustained overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) benefit consistent with the findings of the primary analysis after an additional 12 months of follow-up (median follow-up of 29.1 months), with no new safety signals identified. Full Release Talzenna (talazoparib) Phase 3 Results February 2025. Announced positive OS results from the Phase 3 TALAPRO-2 study of Talzenna, an oral poly ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor, in combination with Xtandi (enzalutamide), an androgen receptor pathway inhibitor (ARPI), demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in OS compared to placebo plus Xtandi in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC), with or without homologous recombination repair (HRR) gene mutations. The safety profile of Talzenna plus Xtandi was generally consistent with the known safety profile of each medicine. Full Release Product/Project Milestone Recent Development Link - 6 -

Pipeline Developments A comprehensive update of Pfizer’s development pipeline was published today and is now available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an overview of Pfizer’s research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phase 1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration. Product/Project Milestone Recent Development Link danuglipron Discontinued April 2025. Announced the decision to discontinue development of danuglipron (PF-06882961), an oral glucagonlike peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. This decision followed a review of the totality of information, including all clinical data generated to date for danuglipron and recent input from regulators. The company remains committed to evaluating and advancing promising programs for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, including obesity. Full Release sasanlimab Phase 3 Results April 2025. Presented results from the pivotal Phase 3 CREST trial of sasanlimab, an investigational anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody (mAb), in combination with standard of care (SOC) Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) as induction therapy with or without maintenance in patients with BCG-naïve, high-risk nonmuscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC). The findings showed a 32% reduction in risk of disease-related events, including high-grade disease recurrence or progression, with the sasanlimab combination regimen as compared with SOC treatment alone. The overall safety profile of sasanlimab in combination with BCG was generally consistent with the known profile of BCG and data reported from clinical trials with sasanlimab. The profile of sasanlimab was also generally consistent with the reported safety profile of PD-1 inhibitors. Pfizer has shared these data with global health authorities to support potential regulatory filings. Full Release vepdegestrant Phase 3 Results March 2025. Arvinas, Inc. and Pfizer announced topline results from the Phase 3 VERITAC-2 clinical trial (NCT05654623) evaluating vepdegestrant monotherapy versus fulvestrant in adults with estrogen receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (ER+/HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose disease progressed following prior treatment with cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) 4/6 inhibitors and endocrine therapy. The trial met its primary endpoint in the estrogen receptor 1-mutant (ESR1m) population, demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS compared to fulvestrant. The results exceeded the prespecified target hazard ratio of 0.60 in the ESR1m population. The trial did not reach statistical significance in improvement in PFS in the intent-to-treat (ITT) population. Full Release - 7 -

Corporate Developments Cost Realignment Program(4) Announced at Q1-2025 Earnings. Pfizer announced approximately $1.2 billion of additional anticipated savings associated with its ongoing cost realignment program(4), expected to be achieved by the end of 2027, designed to further reduce costs primarily in SI&A driven in large part by enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes. We expect one-time costs to achieve the additional savings to be incurred through 2027 and to total approximately $1.6 billion, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, digital enablement and implementation. We remain on track to deliver net cost savings of approximately $4.5 billion by the end of 2025, and, with the additional targeted savings, we now expect total net cost savings of approximately $5.7 billion from this program through 2027. N/A Announced at Q1-2025 Earnings. In connection with our efforts to simplify the structure and sharpen the focus of our R&D organization, in the first quarter of 2025 we expanded this program after having identified additional opportunities to drive improvements in productivity and operational efficiencies through enhanced digital enablement, including automation and AI, and simplification of business processes. Savings associated with the simplification of our R&D organization are anticipated to be realized by the end of 2026 and are expected to total approximately $500 million and be reinvested in R&D programs. We expect one-time costs to implement these initiatives to be incurred through 2026 and to total approximately $600 million, primarily representing cash expenditures for severance, digital enablement and implementation. N/A Haleon Stock Sale March 2025. Pfizer sold 618 million ordinary shares of its investment in Haleon to institutional investors and separately Haleon purchased 44 million ordinary shares from Pfizer for a combined total net proceeds of approximately $3.3 billion. This follows the previously announced sale of 700 million Haleon shares in January 2025 which resulted in approximately $3.0 billion in net cash proceeds. Pfizer has fully exited its position in Haleon. N/A R&D Leadership March 2025. James List, M.D., Ph.D., joined Pfizer as Chief Internal Medicine Officer, overseeing the company’s Internal Medicine portfolio, from early discovery to late development, inclusive of Medical Affairs and Business Development strategies. He is responsible for advancing Pfizer’s emerging pipeline of cardiovascular, metabolic, and obesity medicines. Dr. List reports to Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer and President, Pfizer Research & Development. Full Release February 2025. Announced Jeffrey Legos, Ph.D., MBA, will join Pfizer as Chief Oncology Officer and will be responsible for leading the company’s Oncology R&D, overseeing all functions from pre-clinical to late-stage clinical development activities. Dr. Legos will report to Chris Boshoff, and will succeed Roger Dansey, M.D., Interim Chief Oncology Officer, who will transition to retirement as previously communicated. Full Release February 2025. Announced Patrizia Cavazzoni, M.D., rejoined Pfizer as Chief Medical Officer, Executive Vice President. In this role, Dr. Cavazzoni leads Pfizer’s regulatory, pharmacovigilance, safety, epidemiology, and medical information and evidence generation, among other medical functions, and reports to Chris Boshoff. Full Release Topic Recent Development Link - 8 -

PFIZER TO HOST CONFERENCE CALL Pfizer will host a live conference call and webcast today at 10:00 AM EDT. To access the live conference call and view the first-quarter 2025 earnings presentation, accompanying prepared remarks from management, and infographic, visit our website at pfizer.com/investors. You can also listen to the conference call by dialing either 800-456-4352 in the U.S. and Canada or 785-424-1086 outside of the U.S. and Canada. The passcode is “67619”. The transcript and webcast replay of the call will be made available on our website at pfizer.com/investors within 24 hours after the end of the live conference call and will be accessible for at least 90 days. - 9 -

For additional details, see the attached financial schedules, product revenue table and disclosure notice. (1) Pfizer does not provide guidance for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) Reported financial measures (other than revenues) or a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP Reported financial measures on a forward-looking basis because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of unusual gains and losses, certain acquisition-related expenses, gains and losses from equity securities, actuarial gains and losses from pension and postretirement plan remeasurements, potential future asset impairments and pending litigation without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP Reported results for the guidance period. Financial guidance for full-year 2025 reflects the following: ▪ Does not assume the completion of any business development transactions not completed as of March 30, 2025. ▪ An anticipated unfavorable revenue impact of approximately $0.6 billion due to recent and expected generic and biosimilar competition for certain products that have recently lost patent or regulatory protection or that are anticipated to lose patent or regulatory protection. ▪ Exchange rates assumed are a blend of actual rates in effect through first-quarter 2025 and mid-April 2025 rates for the remainder of the year. ▪ Guidance for Adjusted(3) diluted EPS assumes diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of approximately 5.74 billion shares, and assumes no share repurchases in 2025. ▪ Does not currently include any potential impact related to future tariffs and trade policy changes, which we are unable to predict at this time. (2) Revenues is defined as revenues in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported net income and its components are defined as net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and its components in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported diluted earnings per share (EPS) is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP. (3) Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS are defined as U.S. GAAP net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and U.S. GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items. See the accompanying reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to NonGAAP Adjusted information for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for U.S. GAAP net income and its components and diluted EPS(2). See the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the accompanying Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted - 10 -

Income section of this press release for a definition of each component of Adjusted income as well as other relevant information. (4) Approximately $4.5 billion of overall net cost savings from Pfizer’s ongoing cost realignment program are expected to be achieved by the end of 2025. An additional approximately $1.2 billion of anticipated net cost savings is expected to be fully achieved by the end of 2027. The net cost savings are calculated versus the midpoint of Pfizer’s 2023 SI&A and R&D expense guidance provided on August 1, 2023. (5) References to operational variances in this press release pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of Pfizer’s business, they are not within Pfizer’s control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, Pfizer believes presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate Pfizer’s results. (6) Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for international subsidiaries is November 30 while Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is December 31. Therefore, Pfizer’s first quarter for U.S. subsidiaries reflects the three months ended on March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024, while Pfizer’s first quarter for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. reflects the three months ended on February 23, 2025 and February 25, 2024. (7) Gross leverage (Adjusted Debt to Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA ratio) is determined by comparing our total debt (including short-term borrowings, long-term debt, repatriation tax, and lease liabilities (short- and longterm)) as of March 30, 2025 to Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA. Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA is determined by making the following adjustments to GAAP Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income: (i) adding net interest expense, depreciation & amortization, acquisition-related charges, restructuring charges and asset impairment charges; and (ii) adjusting by actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan gains/(losses), gains/(losses) on equity securities, and certain other certain significant items. (8) As used in this document, “Comirnaty” refers to, as applicable, and as authorized or approved, the PfizerBioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine; Comirnaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) original monovalent formula; the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent (Original and Omicron BA.4/BA.5); the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula); Comirnaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) 2023-2024 Formula; Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2024-2025 Formula); Comirnaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) 2024-2025 Formula; Comirnaty Original/Omicron BA.1; Comirnaty Original/Omicron BA.4/BA.5; Comirnaty Omicron XBB.1.5; Comirnaty JN.1 and Comirnaty KP.2. “Comirnaty” includes product revenues and alliance revenues related to sales of the above-mentioned vaccines. (9) First-quarter 2024 Paxlovid revenue included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in fourth-quarter 2023, reflecting 5.1 million EUAlabeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. (10) Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. - 11 -

First-Quarter % Incr. / 2025 2024 (Decr.) Revenues: Product revenues(2) $ 11,294 $ 12,443 (9) Alliance revenues 2,113 2,172 (3) Royalty revenues 308 263 17 Total revenues 13,715 14,879 (8) Costs and expenses: Cost of sales(2), (3) 2,845 3,379 (16) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(3) 3,031 3,495 (13) Research and development expenses(3) 2,203 2,493 (12) Acquired in-process research and development expenses 9 — * Amortization of intangible assets 1,211 1,308 (7) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs(4) 678 102 * Other (income)/deductions––net(5) 953 680 40 Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income 2,785 3,421 (19) Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(6) (189) 293 * Income from continuing operations 2,973 3,128 (5) Discontinued operations––net of tax — (5) (99) Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 2,973 3,123 (5) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 6 8 (16) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 2,967 $ 3,115 (5) Earnings per common share––basic: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.52 $ 0.55 (5) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.52 $ 0.55 (5) Earnings per common share––diluted: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.52 $ 0.55 (5) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.52 $ 0.55 (5) Weighted-average shares used to calculate earnings per common share: Basic 5,675 5,657 Diluted 5,710 5,697 * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(1) (UNAUDITED) - 12 -

(1) The financial statements present the three months ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024. Subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. are included for the three months ended February 23, 2025 and February 25, 2024. The financial results for the three months ended March 30, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results that ultimately could be achieved for the full year. Certain amounts in the consolidated statements of operations and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. (2) The 2024 Product revenues amount included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million Emergency Use Authorization (EUA)-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. The 2025 Cost of sales amount includes a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties. (3) Exclusive of amortization of intangible assets. (4) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs include the following: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 Restructuring charges/(credits)––acquisition-related costs(a) $ 9 $ 89 Restructuring charges/(credits)––cost reduction initiatives(b) 612 (79) Restructuring charges/(credits) 621 10 Transaction costs(c) — 5 Integration costs and other(d) 57 87 Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs $ 678 $ 102 (a) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs associated with business combinations. (b) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs not associated with acquisitions. The charges for the first quarter of 2025 primarily represent employee termination costs, asset impairments and exit costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. (c) Transaction costs represent external costs for banking, legal, accounting and other similar services. (d) Integration costs and other represent external, incremental costs directly related to integrating acquired businesses, such as expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes, and certain other qualifying costs. (5) Components of Other (income)/deductions––net include: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 Interest income $ (143) $ (129) Interest expense 654 790 Net interest expense(a) 511 661 Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities(b) 370 (25) Net periodic benefit credits other than service costs (158) (103) Certain legal matters, net(c) 142 208 Certain asset impairments(d) 224 109 Haleon equity method (income)/loss — 88 Other, net(e) (135) (258) Other (income)/deductions––net $ 953 $ 680 (a) The decrease in net interest expense in the first quarter of 2025, compared to the first quarter of 2024, reflects (i) lower interest expense mainly due to lower long-term debt and commercial paper balances and (ii) an increase in interest income primarily due to higher cash balances from sales of our remaining investment in Haleon plc (Haleon). (b) The net losses in the first quarter of 2025 include, among other things, a net loss of $144 million related to our investment in Haleon, composed of unrealized losses of $1.0 billion, partially offset by $900 million in realized gains on the sales of our remaining investment. (c) The amount for the first quarter of 2025 primarily includes certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. The amount for the first quarter of 2024 primarily included certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. (d) The amount for the first quarter of 2025 primarily represents an intangible asset impairment charge of $210 million for KRAS G12D, a Phase 2 indefinite-lived out-licensed asset that was discontinued by our out-licensing partner. (e) The amount for the first quarter of 2024 primarily included, among other things, a $150 million realized gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 13 -

(6) Our effective tax rates for income from continuing operations were (6.8)% for the first quarter of 2025 and 8.6% for the first quarter of 2024. The negative and lower effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2025, compared to the first quarter of 2024, was primarily due to favorable global income tax resolutions in multiple jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years, as well as a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 14 -

Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide–– prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows: Measure Definition Relevance of Metrics to Our Business Performance Adjusted income Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items • Provides investors useful information to: ◦ evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-overyear basis ◦ assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis • Provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b) Adjusted cost of sales, Adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, Adjusted research and development expenses and Adjusted other (income)/deductions––net Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, Research and development expenses and Other (income)/deductions––net (a), each before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisitionrelated items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the Adjusted income measure Adjusted diluted EPS EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items (a) Most directly comparable GAAP measure. (b) Any expenses for acquired IPR&D are included in our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders, components of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted , respectively. We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans. See the reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the first quarters of 2025 and 2024 below and the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME - 15 -

First-Quarter 2025 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 2,845 $ 3,031 $ 953 $ 2,967 $ 0.52 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,211 Acquisition-related items (206) (1) (7) 282 Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (24) (6) — 666 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (224) 224 (Gains)/losses on equity securities(4) — — (370) 370 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — 59 (59) Other(5) (23) (15) (166) 207 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (630) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 2,593 $ 3,010 $ 246 (6) $ 5,237 $ 0.92 First-Quarter 2024 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 3,379 $ 3,495 $ 680 $ 3,115 $ 0.55 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,308 Acquisition-related items (317) (7) (3) 508 Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (20) (29) — (17) Certain asset impairments — — (109) 109 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — 25 (25) Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — (3) 3 Other(5) (6) (5) (294) 307 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (636) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 3,036 $ 3,454 $ 296 (6) $ 4,674 $ 0.82 See end of tables for notes. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 16 -

(1) Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income from continuing operations were (6.8)% for the first quarter of 2025 and 8.6% for the first quarter of 2024. See Note (6) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were 7.8% for the first quarter of 2025 and 16.6% for the first quarter of 2024. (2) The amounts for the first quarters of 2025 and 2024 include reconciling amounts for Research and development expenses that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations. (3) Includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. (4) See Note (5) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. (5) For the first quarter of 2025, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustment of $166 million primarily includes charges of $142 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. For the first quarter of 2024, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustment of $294 million primarily included charges of (i) $246 million mostly related to our equity-method accounting pro-rata share of intangible asset amortization, impairments and restructuring costs recorded by Haleon plc (Haleon), as well as adjustments to our equitymethod basis differences associated with the impact of Haleon’s brand sales and intangible asset impairments and changes in Haleon’s tax rates on intangible asset-related deferred tax liabilities and (ii) $208 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer, partially offset by (iii) a $150 million realized gain on the partial sale of our investment in Haleon. (6) The components of non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net include the following: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 Interest income $ (143) $ (129) Interest expense 657 792 Net interest expense 514 664 Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (100) (106) Haleon equity method (income)/loss — (158) Other, net (169) (102) Non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net $ 246 $ 296 See Note (5) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above for additional information on the components comprising GAAP Reported Other (income)/deductions––net. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES NOTES TO RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 17 -

WORLDWIDE UNITED STATES TOTAL INTERNATIONAL

2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 13,715 $ 14,879 (8%) (6%) $ 8,374 $ 9,514 (12%) $ 5,341 $ 5,365 — 4% GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 13,441 $ 14,604 (8%) (6%) $ 8,285 $ 9,426 (12%) $ 5,156 $ 5,178 — 4% Primary Care $ 5,696 $ 7,211 (21%) (20%) $ 3,578 $ 5,095 (30%) $ 2,118 $ 2,117 — 5% Eliquis(b) 1,923 2,040 (6%) (4%) 1,299 1,413 (8%) 624 626 — 5% Prevnar family(c) 1,660 1,691 (2%) (1%) 1,170 1,149 2% 491 542 (9%) (6%) Comirnaty 565 354 60% 62% 229 118 94% 335 236 42% 45% Paxlovid(d) 491 2,035 (76%) (75%) 347 1,800 (81%) 145 234 (38%) (35%) Nurtec ODT/Vydura 248 178 40% 40% 228 167 36% 20 10 * * Abrysvo 131 145 (9%) (6%) 63 131 (52%) 68 14 * * All other Primary Care 677 770 (12%) (9%) 242 315 (23%) 435 454 (4%) 1% Specialty Care $ 3,987 $ 3,843 4% 6% $ 1,901 $ 1,759 8% $ 2,085 $ 2,084 — 5% Vyndaqel family(e) 1,486 1,137 31% 33% 986 751 31% 499 386 29% 36% Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 164 167 (2%) — — — — 164 167 (2%) — Zithromax 158 200 (21%) (18%) — — (37%) 158 199 (21%) (18%) Inflectra 153 158 (3%) (2%) 103 96 7% 50 62 (19%) (15%) Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 140 159 (12%) (6%) — — — 140 159 (12%) (6%) Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 135 125 8% 14% — — — 135 125 8% 14% Xeljanz 128 194 (34%) (31%) 20 74 (73%) 108 120 (10%) (6%) Cibinqo 58 42 39% 42% 24 23 2% 34 19 85% 91% All other Hospital 1,155 1,149 1% 3% 616 565 9% 539 584 (8%) (3%) All other Specialty Care 409 513 (20%) (17%) 152 249 (39%) 257 264 (3%) 4% Oncology $ 3,758 $ 3,549 6% 7% $ 2,806 $ 2,572 9% $ 952 $ 977 (3%) 2% Ibrance 977 1,054 (7%) (6%) 659 679 (3%) 318 375 (15%) (10%) Xtandi(f) 458 418 9% 9% 458 418 9% — — — — Padcev 426 341 25% 25% 419 334 25% 7 7 — 2% Oncology biosimilars(g) 264 264 — 2% 177 160 11% 87 104 (17%) (11%) Lorbrena 222 164 36% 39% 92 59 55% 130 104 25% 29% Inlyta 219 237 (7%) (6%) 129 141 (8%) 90 96 (6%) (2%) Adcetris 218 257 (15%) (15%) 213 252 (16%) 5 5 (9%) (3%) Bosulif 151 145 4% 5% 120 101 18% 31 44 (29%) (25%) Braftovi/Mektovi 136 116 17% 17% 128 111 15% 8 5 53% 65% Aromasin 108 82 31% 34% — 1 (22%) 107 82 31% 34% Tukysa 102 106 (3%) (3%) 83 89 (7%) 20 17 16% 21% Elrexfio 60 13 * * 31 11 * 29 2 * * Talzenna 40 23 74% 77% 29 17 69% 11 6 89% 99% Tivdak 33 28 21% 22% 31 27 12% 3 — * * All other Oncology 345 301 15% 17% 238 171 39% 107 130 (17%) (13%) PFIZER CENTREONE(h) $ 257 $ 258 — 2% $ 72 $ 71 2% $ 185 $ 187 (1%) 2% PFIZER IGNITE $ 17 $ 17 (3%) (3%) $ 17 $ 17 (3%) $ — $ — — — Total Alliance revenues included above $ 2,113 $ 2,172 (3%) (2%) $ 1,727 $ 1,780 (3%) $ 386 $ 392 (1%) 3% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 308 $ 263 17% 17% $ 305 $ 263 16% $ 3 $ — * * PFIZER INC. - REVENUES FIRST-QUARTER 2025 and 2024 - (UNAUDITED) - 18 -

PFIZER INC. NOTES TO REVENUES TABLE INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (a) In 2025, the commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment is composed of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division and the Pfizer International Commercial Division. For additional information regarding changes in our commercial organizational structure, see the Item 1. Business––Commercial Operations section of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K (available at www.pfizer.com). (b) Reflects Alliance revenues and product revenues. (c) Prevnar family includes revenues from Prevnar 20/Apexxnar (pediatric and adult) and Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 (pediatric and adult). (d) The amount for the first quarter of 2024 included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million EUA-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. (e) Vyndaqel family includes global revenues from Vyndaqel, as well as revenues for Vyndamax in the U.S. and Vynmac in Japan. (f) Primarily reflects Alliance revenues and royalty revenues. (g) Biosimilars are highly similar versions of approved and authorized biological medicines. Oncology biosimilars primarily include Ruxience, Retacrit, Trazimera, Zirabev and Nivestym. (h) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) includes revenues from our contract manufacturing and our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships. * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. Amounts may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. - 19 -

DISCLOSURE NOTICE: Except where otherwise noted, the information contained in this earnings release and the related attachments is as of April 29, 2025. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this earnings release and the related attachments as a result of new information or future events or developments. This earnings release and the related attachments contain forward-looking statements about, among other topics, our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections; reorganizations; business plans, strategy, goals and prospects; expectations for our product pipeline, in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches, discontinuations, clinical trial results and other developing data, revenue contribution and projections, potential pricing and reimbursement, potential market dynamics, including demand, market size and utilization rates and growth, performance, timing of exclusivity and potential benefits; strategic reviews; leverage and capital allocation objectives; an enterprise-wide cost realignment program (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); a Manufacturing Optimization Program to reduce our cost of goods sold (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); dividends and share repurchases; plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, including our December 2023 acquisition of Seagen, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities and prospects; manufacturing and product supply; our ongoing efforts to respond to COVID-19; our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and the expected seasonality of demand for certain of our products. Given their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions and we cannot assure that any outcome expressed in these forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use future dates or use words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning. Pfizer’s financial guidance is based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of research and development (R&D) activities, including the ability to meet anticipated preclinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; and uncertainties regarding the future development of our product candidates, including whether or when our product candidates will advance to future studies or phases of development or whether or when regulatory applications may be filed for any of our product candidates; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; • regulatory decisions impacting labeling, approval or authorization, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain or maintain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the conduct or outcome of post-approval clinical trials, pharmacovigilance or Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential; • the success and impact of external business development activities, including the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in - 20 -

increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business or operations relationships; risks related to growing revenues for certain acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products remains endemic and seasonal, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, which has in the past and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory or other unanticipated charges; risks related to our ability to develop and commercialize variant adapted vaccines, combinations and/or treatments; uncertainties related to recommendations and coverage for, and the public’s adherence to, vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations; and potential third-party royalties or other claims related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of global trade tensions, as well as currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation or deflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; • any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications or disputes related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other payors; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and recent and possible future changes in global financial markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions, tariffs and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes; • risks and uncertainties related to issued or future executive orders or other new, or changes in, laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs; • the risk and impact of tariffs on our business, which is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs or other retaliatory actions imposed by other countries; • the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters; • any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the resulting economic or other consequences; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, such as our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio - 21 -

for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines, and our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved and any regulatory or other impact on Oxbryta and other sickle cell disease assets; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including any potential future phases, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs, organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate-related goals and progress our environmental sustainability and other priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings: • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation, including executive orders or other change in laws, regulations or policy, or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B Drug Pricing Program or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) and the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, reimbursement or access to or recommendations for our medicines and vaccines, taxes or other restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising; limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets; • risks and uncertainties related to potential changes to vaccine or other healthcare policy in the U.S.; • legislation or regulatory action in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued governmentmandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain products to control costs in those markets; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to legal proceedings and actual or alleged environmental contamination; • the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws, regulations and policies affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, as well as changes in such laws, regulations or policies or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in tariffs, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024, government cost-cutting measures and related impacts on, among other matters, government staffing, resources and ability to timely review and process regulatory or other submissions, and potential changes to existing tax laws, tariffs, or changes to other laws, regulations or policies in the U.S., including by the U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, as well as in other countries; Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Cybersecurity: • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; • risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in loss of patent coverage; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure from, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid; • any significant breakdown or interruption of our information technology systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); - 22 -

• any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack, which may include those using adversarial artificial intelligence techniques, or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; and • risks and challenges related to the use of software and services that include artificial intelligence-based functionality and other emerging technologies. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. A further list and description of risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, in each case including in the sections thereof captioned “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in our subsequent reports on Form 8-K. This earnings release may include discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/ or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. The information contained on our website or any third-party website is not incorporated by reference into this earnings release. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners. Certain of the products and product candidates discussed in this earnings release are being co-researched, codeveloped and/or co-promoted in collaboration with other companies for which Pfizer’s rights vary by market or are the subject of agreements pursuant to which Pfizer has commercialization rights in certain markets. - 23 -