=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

LSEG STREETEVENTS EDITED TRANSCRIPT PFE.N - Q1 2026 Pfizer Inc Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: MAY 05, 2026 / 2:00PM GMT

OVERVIEW: Company Summary LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Francesca DeMartino Pfizer Inc - Senior Vice President, Chief Investor Relations Officer Albert Bourla Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer David Denton Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Chris Boshoff Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer & President, Research & Development Alexandre de Germay Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Aamir Malik Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Vamil Divan Guggenheim Securities LLC - Equity Analyst David Risinger Leerink Partners LLC - Analyst Christopher Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Kerry Holford Joh Berenberg Gossler & Co KG - Analyst Umer Raffat Evercore Inc - Equity Analyst Asad Haider Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst Evan Seigerman Bank of Montreal - Analyst Courtney Breen Sanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Equity Analyst Louise Chen Scotiabank GBM - Analyst PRESENTATION Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to Pfizer's first quarter 2026 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am. Francesca DeMartino - Pfizer Inc - Senior Vice President, Chief Investor Relations Officer Good morning and welcome to Pfizer's earnings call. I'm Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On behalf of the Pfizer team, thank you for joining us. This call is being made available via audio webcast at pfizer.com. Earlier this morning, we released our results for the first quarter 2026 via press release that is available on our website at pfizer.com. I'm joined today by Dr. Albert Bourla, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Denton, our CFO. Albert and Dave have some prepared remarks, and we will then open the call for questions. Members of our leadership team will be available for the Q&A session. Before we get started, I want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements and discussing certain GAAP financial measures. I encourage you to read the disclaimers in our slide presentation, the press release we issued this morning, and the disclosures in our SEC filings, which are all available on the IR site on pfizer.com. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Forward-looking statements on the call are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties speak only as of the call's original date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Albert. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Francesca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. It's a wonderful day here in New York. We've had a strong start to the year. Our business continues to perform well, and we are making strategic progress. One of our great strengths is the ability to execute. And we are delivering on our financial commitments while we also invest to strengthen Pfizer for future growth and impact. In the first quarter, we exceeded expectations for both total revenues and adjusted diluted earnings per share. We have made progress so far this year in delivering our 2026 critical R&D milestones including three positive Phase 3 readouts and encouraging mid stage readouts for both approved and investigational medicines. We are keeping pace with our robust agenda of approximately 20 planned pivotal study starts this year. We also had two significant legal developments that improved our growth profile post-2028 and of course, our cash flow outlook. Our recent settlement agreements resolving infringement of patent related to VYNDAMAX have the potential to change the growth profile of the company significantly post-2028. This gives us greater confidence that starting in 2029 and we will enter a five-year period of high single-digit revenue CAGR. Additionally, we view the recent Belgian court ruling regarding COMIRNATY contracts with EU member countries as a positive for future EPS and cash flow. The improved visibility into our cash flow provides is a positive for our longer-term capital allocation priorities including, of course, our ability to preserve and support the dividend. As we look to the rest of the year, we are clearly focused on our most impactful opportunities to create value for patients and our shareholders. We previously served our strategic priorities for 2026, and I will walk you through the progress we are making on those fronts. Our launched and acquired products had a tremendous start to the year with 22% growth. Three of our business development transactions represent about [80%] (corrected by company after the call) of the invested capital in the recent years, and they are all progressing very well. Oncology represents our most advanced and concentrated area of research and commercial focus and our Seagen acquisition is a central reason one. Since beginning the -- since bringing the company to Pfizer, we have transformed our oncology organization, unifying our team expanding our commercial portfolio and advancing a leading ADC platform. The 20% year-over-year operational revenue growth in the quarter of our Seagen products shows that we have made good progress in deepening our presence within the Oncology community. We continue to strengthen physician engagement and drive greater recognition of the clinical value performance. We are also executing with focus to maximize the value of our Metsera acquisition. This underpins the strategy intended to position Pfizer as the leader in the next generation of obesity therapies. We intend to advance 10 Phase 3 studies this year, and we are targeting a first approval in 2028 from a portfolio that includes ultra-long acting peptides with the potential, if successful, developed and approved for competitive efficacy and tolerability with a differentiated monthly maintenance dosing schedule. The success we have achieved within Nurtec since our Biohaven acquisition shows the power of our leading field force and commercial capabilities have worked. Nurtec contributed in the first quarter with 41% operational growth, driven by robust, robust demand and for both acute and preventive migraine treatments. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We continue to see a meaningful growth opportunity in the oral CGRP class of medicines for patients with migraine. Of course, 2026 is a pivotal year for R&D, and I'm pleased with our early progress this quarter. While we have a large active pipeline, we rely on a rigorous and disciplined approach to focus resources where we see the greatest potential. We are targeting approximately 20 pivotal study starts, 8 key data readouts, and 4 regulatory decisions this year. Our critical R&D milestones reinforce how we are concentrating investment in key areas such as oncology, metabolic disease, and vaccines, where we have existing commercial infrastructure, scientific expertise, and significant opportunity for competitive differentiation. Roughly half are anticipated key data readouts and regulatory decision in 2026 are expected to come from oncology where we are advancing multiple programs across areas such as breast, genitourinary, thoracic, gastrointestinal and blood cancers. During the quarter, we presented notable EV-304 study findings for PADCEV at ASCO GU. The results show that PADCEV + pembrolizumab reduces the risk of recurrence or death by nearly 50% in patients with cisplatin-eligible muscle invasive bladder cancer. Combined with the recent compelling data from the EV-303 trial, this highlights the potential for this regimen to become the new standard of care patients with muscle invasive bladder cancer regardless of cisplatin visibility. Bladder cancer is diagnosed in more than 600,000 patients each year globally, including an estimated 85,000 in the US. MIBC represents approximately 30% of all these bladder cancer cases. The positive top line results we shared last week from the Phase 3 MagnetisMM-5 study of ELREXFIO represent a meaningful step towards our goal of reaching more patients earlier in the course of their disease. In this study, ELREXFIO significantly improved progression-free survival for double-class exposed patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, who received at least one prior line treatment. This is a significant opportunity to address patient needs. Multiple myeloma and aggressive and currently incurable blood cancer is the second most common type of blood cancer worldwide with over 36,000 new cases each year in the United States, and over 187,000 new cases globally. During the quarter, we also served randomized Phase 2 data for atirmociclib, our potential first-in-class cDK4 inhibitor in patients with HER-2 negative breast cancer who received prior CDK4/6 inhibitor phase 3. These data suggest that atirmociclib, has the potential to differentiate from the CDK4/6 inhibitor class with improved data center ability, reinforcing our confidence in the molecule. Looking ahead, we remain focused on accelerating this investigational medicines development in first-line and early breast cancer, where it may provide even greater impact for patients. We view this as an important opportunity to deliver a next-generation backbone therapy building on Pfizer's long commitment to patients with breast cancer. In vaccines, we have been working with regulators on the pathway for expanding coverage through our next-generation pneumococcal conjugate vaccine to extend our leadership in this competitive space. Yesterday, we initiated our Phase 3 program for our 25 valent pediatric vaccine candidate with increased valency and next-generation serotype 3 technology. I am also pleased to provide an update on our strategy in the adult market. We have decided to advance directly to our fifth-generation adult vaccine candidate. And today, I am proud to share for the first time, that it includes coverage for 35 serotypes. We believe this gives us the strongest opportunity to maintain our current market leadership in the adult market over the long term, and we expect to enter clinical development this year. In I&I, we announced a positive readout in March from a Phase 2 trial of tilrekimig, our investigational trispecific antibody, in atopic dermatitis. We intend to advance a broad clinical development program for this investigational medicine, which was discovered in-house at Pfizer and is currently being evaluated in atopic dermatitis and also in asthma and COPD. We remain on track with our commitment and our continued focus on what matters most, maximizing the long-term value of our pipeline for patients and shareholders. We’re investing with strategic discipline and focus to build a foundation supporting our aim of high single-digit five-year revenue CAGR. It’s vital that our R&D organization has the resources to advance our robust Pipeline, including both internally discovered programs and LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

opportunities we’ve added through strategic moves such as our acquisition of Metsera and our in-licensing agreements with 3SBio and YaoPharma. Our commercial teams are leaders in translating scientific progress into real-world impact. We’re furthering investment to provide them with capabilities, technology and support helping our medicines reach the right patients at the right time so we can deliver sustained value. We also remain deeply committed to our shareholders. We intend to maintain and, over time, grow our dividend as we continue to de-lever and build long-term value. Embedding the use of artificial intelligence across our company is a key strategic priority, and we’re driving continued progress in R&D, commercial, manufacturing and core enterprise functions. We're empowering our colleagues to accelerate innovation by pairing frontier AI tools tailored to function and role with comprehensive and continuously updated training. One of the areas where we see the most substantial promise is the discovery, development and delivery of new medicines and vaccines. Leveraging the power of AI to compress timelines and improve decision-making is central to our innovation strategy. We are embedding AI into each functional line in R&D. Pfizer has a vast repository of small and large molecule, translational, and clinical data and AI is creating the opportunity to unlock insights that could drive a significant impact on how we discover and develop medicines and vaccines. So with that now, I will turn it over to Dave to speak about the financial performance of the company. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Great. Thank you, Albert, and good morning. Let me begin by highlighting that our strong first-quarter performance reflects the continued disciplined execution across our strategic priorities, and importantly, continued progress in repositioning the company for sustainable growth. We are making targeted investments today to drive revenue growth later in the decade and beyond. Looking ahead, Pfizer is entering a new phase. Our launched and acquired products, combined with a strengthening pipeline, are positioning the company with the ability to deliver growth toward the end of the decade. While we remain focused on managing near-term LOE headwinds, we are actively building the foundation for durable long-term value creation. And with that as context, I’ll review our first-quarter results, discuss our capital allocation priorities, and conclude with an update on our 2026 guidance, which we are reaffirming today. In the first quarter of 2026, revenues were $14.5 billion, exceeding our expectations and representing an operational increase of 2%. Excluding our COVID products, the underlying business delivered approximately 7% operational revenue growth, reflecting solid demand across key brands and continued strong commercial execution. On the bottom line, first-quarter reported diluted EPS was $0.47, and adjusted diluted EPS was $0.75, also exceeding our expectations. In addition to our strong revenue, this outperformance also reflects our on-going commitment to managing our cost base and to drive productivity across the organization. Our results this quarter demonstrate the effectiveness of our refined commercial strategy. We saw solid contributions across our product portfolio, primarily driven by Padcev, Eliquis, Nurtec, Lorbrena and the Vyndaqel family, each reflecting focused execution in our key therapeutic areas. Our launched and acquired products delivered $3.1 billion in first-quarter revenues and grew approximately 22% operationally. These results demonstrate the early impact of our portfolio transition and investment strategy. We continue to invest behind these product groups to support their growth trajectories, which we expect will enable the company to partially offset upcoming LOE headwinds over the next several years. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Adjusted gross margin for the first quarter was approximately 76%, primarily the result of product mix during the quarter and on-going cost control measures. I do want to note, accrued royalty expense was higher in the quarter and dampening gross margin compared to first-quarter of last year. With that said, strong cost management across our manufacturing footprint remains a top priority. As a reminder, over the past several years, our adjusted gross margins have generally remained in the mid-to-upper-70s when excluding Comirnaty, which has a 50%-50% profit split with our partner BioNTech. We continue to expect approximately $700 million in savings from our Phase 1 of our manufacturing optimization program this year with approximately $175 million realized in this quarter. Total Adjusted operating expenses were $5.5 billion for the first quarter of 2026, an increase of 4% operationally versus the first quarter last year. And now looking at the components, adjusted SI&A expenses decreased 5% operationally, primarily reflecting lower marketing and promotional spending on various products from more targeted investments and ongoing productivity improvements, as well as lower spending in corporate enabling functions. Adjusted R&D expenses increased 11% operationally, primarily driven by an increase in spending in certain oncology and obesity product candidates. First quarter 2026 adjusted operating margin was strong at 38% and above pre-pandemic levels demonstrating effective cost management as well as revenue performance. We have already made meaningful progress on our productivity initiatives and remain on track to deliver the majority of the anticipated $7.2 billion in total net cost savings by the end of 2026. And looking ahead, we will continue to identify opportunities to further enhance efficiencies while prioritizing investments that support future growth. Turning to the bottom line, Q1 reported diluted earnings per share was $0.47 and our adjusted diluted EPS was $0.75, which benefited from our strong non-COVID revenue and efficient operating structure. Now with that, let me now turn to capital allocation strategy. Our strategy is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value while preserving flexibility. It includes reinvesting in the business at appropriate returns, maintaining and over time growing our dividend, and preserving optionality for future value-enhancing actions, including share repurchases. In Q1, we invested $2.5 billion in internal R&D, returned $2.4 billion to shareholders via our quarterly dividend, and our completed business development activity was minimal. We closed on the sale of our stake in ViiV in the second quarter providing us with approximately $1.65 billion in net proceeds, after taxes and customary closing costs. Our BD capacity, when including the ViiV proceeds, is approximately $7 billion. First quarter 2026 operating cash flow was $2.6 billion and leverage ended the quarter at 2.8x. And as just a reminder, given the LOE headwinds over the next few years, we expect leverage to remain around current levels, or slightly higher, through this transition period. I will also mention that we made our final TCJA repatriation tax payment of approximately $2.6 billion in April. Based on our performance to date and continued execution, we are reaffirming our full-year 2026 guidance today. We continue to expect total company revenues in the range of $59.5 to $62.5 billion and adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $2.80 to $3.00 a share. This outlook reflects our expectation of strong contributions across our product portfolio, adjusted gross margins in the mid-70% range, disciplined cost management, and continued investment to support growth by the end of the decade. As a reminder, sustained low disease levels of COVID will likely continue to weigh on Paxlovid utilization over the next several months. And additionally, our plan assumes the majority of Comirnaty sales will occur towards the end of the year and consistent with the vaccination season. And as always, we will continue to monitor currency fluctuations as the year progresses. In closing, over the next several years, our focus remains on investing in key assets while managing upcoming LOE events, primarily from this year through 2028. As we look toward the end of the decade, growth is expected to be driven by our advancing R&D pipeline, and the continued progress of our launched and acquired products. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Following the Vyndamax settlement, we now how a clear line-of-sight to a high single-digit five-year revenue CAGR post-2028. Furthermore, this event combined with our legal win in the Belgian court regarding EU Comirnaty will enhance our cash flow post-2028. We continue to position Pfizer for durable, long-term growth and shareholder value creation. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Albert to begin the Q&A session. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thanks, Dave. Nice quarter. Now operator please assemble the queue. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Operator (Operator Instructions) Vamil Divan, Guggenheim. Vamil Divan - Guggenheim Securities LLC - Equity Analyst Great. I'll keep it to one. I think a lot of focus on the upcoming ADA meeting. I'm just curious if you can just kind of clarify exactly what we should expect to see, I know we’ll obviously see VESPER-3, but any other data that we should expect to see from Pfizer perspective? I think in typical hosting an investor event in conjunction with the meeting. So curious if there's any other details you can share around that? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer So Chris, the question is for you, how much of the data you're going to disclose in the ADA? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer & President, Research & Development And thank you very much for the question. It's obviously a very important program. We're excited with the progress and since the close of Metsera. As you know, we had exceptional execution, not only the clinical development, but also on the commercial development side and as well as CMC and on the pharmaceutical sciences as well as the devices. Detailed Phase 3 -- detailed data from VESPER-3 will be shared. The top line data we presented last time, I think 4Q '25 earnings. Data from VESPER-1, the open-label extension will be shared as well as data from VESPER-2, which is weekly berobenatide, our new name for our GLP-1 with or without titration in participants with type 2 diabetes will be shared. We will not share yet at ADA any data on amylin mono. We expect 24 weeks monotherapy and 28 weeks combination with the amylin and GLP-1 that will be shared in the second half of this year. Operator Dave Risinger, Leerink Partners. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

David Risinger - Leerink Partners LLC - Analyst Yes. So my questions are on your oncology read outs this year that could move the needle for the company. Could you comment on your expectations for SV, MEVRO pivotal readouts this year? And then separately, if you could just please provide an update on your restructuring of corporate strategy and business development operations at the company? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you very much, Dave. Let me take the second one and then Chris will address the SV and the MEVRO. We did some changes in our organizational structure that are aligned with our constant effort to simplify. We have reduced the members of my executive team by four over the next couple of years -- the last two years. So the business development moved under Chris Boshoff because most of the business development are right now related with R&D pipeline and choices. We see significant improvement in any friction that could exist and how smooth things could work by doing that. We also moved the commercial development, which is all the commercial strategies that were sitting in that the group into the global marketing of the organization. And that creates also a significant amount of synergies by having global and the new products, global market dealing with new products, and with our own products. That went under Aamir. Alexandre took over the responsibility to manage the portfolio management team. He is the new chair, and he is focusing on prioritizing the pipeline. And then the strategy group moved to my chief of staff, so in the Office of the CEO, where I can have also a better supervision. So this is the change that happened into our organization. And we feel that they are consistent with everything we were planning, which is simplification of our business. Chris. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer & President, Research & Development Thank you very much. So to start with SV, an important program for us. And Integrin Beta-6 is a highly differentiated target overexpressing 90% of lung cancers and little expression in normal tissue in the lung. And we were encouraged by the first-line data with -- I mean the Phase 1 data, which we shared, albeit a single-arm experience with a median overall survival of approximately 16.3 months. The second line study, just a reminder is focused on non-squamous based on the signals we've seen and Phase 3 study against docetaxel. The study is statistically powered should it be positive for overall survival. It will also be clinically meaningful. Just a reminder, we also have an ongoing Phase 3 trial in the TPS high, TPS more than 50 and data will be shared at ASCO from the Phase 1 experience. This is pembro versus pembro plus SV. A reminder that last year, we shared data for that combination of PD-L1 high, handful of patients, but everyone responded in that population, so it was a 100% response rate in a small population. And for mevrometostat, again, an important differentiated, highly specific differentiated EZH2. The first study that will read out is MEVPRO-1, which is in patients post abiraterone, a significant unmet need and of enzalutamide versus -- sorry, enzalutamide plus EZH2 versus physician's choice of enzalutamide or docetaxel. And that should read out middle or second half of this year. Operator Chris Schott, JPMorgan. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Maybe just two for me. First, maybe for Dave or the broader team. I know you typically don't raise guidance with 1Q, but it does seem like a very solid start to the year from a revenue perspective. Can you just talk generally about the business trends versus your expectations and just how you're thinking about the year progressing from here? And the second question for me was on BD capacity. You mentioned $7 billion. I guess just given the VYNDAMAX clarity, could the company look at larger transactions if the right deal were to present and sell? Or is the focus still much more on the internal pipeline and maybe smaller tuck-ins from here? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes. Chris, Dave here. Thank you. Yes, I think to your first question, company is off to a really solid start in Q1. If you look kind of up and down and across the board from a product perspective, we exceeded expectations on top line and bottom line and really strong cost control and cost management and very disciplined execution. So yes, setting ourselves up really well for delivery for the balance of the year. As you well know, Chris, I have a philosophy of not really adjusting in Q1. I think as you well know, if you look at our COVID franchise, it will always be back half weighted because of the seasonality of the (technical difficulty) and so we are, if anything, have derisked delivery on that without raising guidance. So absent that, we probably would be raising guidance, how is that? So again, strong performance. Secondly, as I said, we do have $7 billion in BD capacity. Obviously, this development from a legal perspective actually gives us more confidence in our cash flow delivery over the next several years. And we constantly look at BD and understand what is appropriate strategically to do from a BD perspective to support the needs of the company and to deliver long-term value. Operator Kerry Holford, Berenberg. Kerry Holford - Joh Berenberg Gossler & Co KG - Analyst Just on COMIRNATY, I wonder if you can just talk a little bit more about the vaccination rates you're expecting this year within the US and international regions. And then just coming back to the international region. Can you talk a little bit more about the [inaudible] European contracts reminder of those existing phase payments. And in the context of that recent Belgian court decision, the two items that together, how should we think about the evolution of ex-US sales for that vaccine? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Okay. Let's start with international, and then we move to with Alexandre and then Aamir will speak about the origination rates in the year. Alexandre de Germay - Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Good question. Just to put context, the decline that you see in Q1 on COMIRNATY has nothing to do with vaccination. It's really the effect of last year. We shipped our last contract -- elements of our contract with the UK. So we don't have that contract anymore in 2026, and that's why you have the reduction. But it hasn't really talked about the vaccination rate. Actually, we went through the vaccinations numbers in Europe in 2025 and mostly stable versus 2024. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Of course, you have differences, for instance, in brands, the vaccination rate is around 25% of the other adults. In Spain, it's going to be around 35%. But those rates are stable, and we see governments will need to continue to invest and increase awareness of their older and at-risk population to get vaccination. In 2026, we will work with those government across the European Union to actually continue to execute our contract the same way we did in previous years. Now with regard to the legal case and the court judgment on April 1, 2026. The court judgment is very clear, and we've started to work with the governments in Poland and Romania to actually execute the judgment, and we're discussing the best path forward to implement that judgement. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you Alexandre. So Aamir, what about the US? Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Vaccination rates in the US, obviously, it's very different for every segment. In COVID, with COMIRNATY, there was a narrowing of the label. So we did see a shrinking of the market a bit. In the case of RSV, we always see now going past our third season with a tougher to activate adult population but growing on the maternal space, and there's population dynamics with PREVNAR both in peds and adults. So we see ups and downs in the vaccination rates as a result of those dynamics. But what I feel very good and very confident about is the way that we're executing in that market. So if you look at every single one of our vaccines, we have market-leading positions. ABRYSVO is more than 60%, COMIRNATY, more than 60%, PREVNAR peds now at 84% and PREVNAR adult even after many months of competition from Merck holding share steady at 70%. So I feel very good about the way that we're executing in a slightly turbulent market. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you for the confidence Aamir. I share it with you. Operator Umer Raffat, Evercore ISI. Umer Raffat - Evercore Inc - Equity Analyst And I appreciate some of the comments you made around maintaining the dividend. I just thought I would approach it from two different angles, if I may. First, I guess, what's the likelihood that Pfizer entertains a transformative M&A in near or medium term, which could end up impacting dividend as we've seen in history? And then secondly, Albert, I guess, how are you personally, but also the Board thinking about your tenure at Pfizer and how it ties to dividend integrity beyond? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Look, we never say never. And we always look at every business -- possible business combination for M&A. If you are asking me, if right now, we think that we are going to go for something very big, a big merger? No, we think that right now, in the next years, it is the time to execute on AI transformation of these organizations. And that requires not the disruption of mega merger. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

So I would say that we are open to everything, and we are looking at encourage shareholder value, but it is not right now very high in our list to find something like that. The second question, how I see my tenure, I see it like continuing. And I said multiple times that I was very proud of what we were able to achieve with COVID. But then if you're spoiled with this feeling of satisfaction, you want to do it again. So I'm planning to do it again. And hopefully, with the cancer, obesity and vaccines this time. Operator Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs. Asad Haider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst Albert, just going back to last December's guidance call, you highlighted $17 billion of annual revenue impacted by LOEs by 2030 and now with the tafamidis patent settlement extending back to mid-2031, your comments that you are aiming to achieve high single-digit five-year revenue growth starting in 2029. Just if you could double-click on that a little bit more, just looking at the pipeline in the current BD aperture that you just described, just level set us on any updated thoughts on bridging the gap around how we should be thinking about the levers to drive this growth against the stacked LOEs? And then just related, embedded in this high single-digit CAGR, what are the assumptions around your base business such as COVID and the current oncology products? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Yes, it is easier to forecast the base business because it's constant. So that it is following the normal trends that we expect based on product by product. The LOEs also are easy to predict because they have the certainty of occurrence. Right now, you're right, with this 2.5 years delay of the LOE of a product that is $6 billion-plus. It is providing significant, as you can understand, opportunity for cash flows, EPS, and changes the growth profile. That's why we spoke now because with this uncertainty going about our projections about the growth profile, which we said it is starting in '29. It's a five-year high single-digit CAGR. How that is built is built with the current portfolio, with the decline through the LOEs, and with the additions of pipeline that they are heavily risk-adjusted. So it's not that we are having binary events. So the pipeline are multiple, as you know. We have a series of readouts right now that will affect the revenues in the '29. And so I think when -- I feel confident about that because when it is a large number of pipeline assets is risk adjusted, statistic usually work and those that we will fail, will fail and both of them will succeed. But the risk adjustment takes into consideration about that. So very confident about the growth trajectory of the company starting in '29. And I'm also very confident that we navigate the LOEs as you saw right now, very well started already this year, the LOEs. I also want to emphasize that always the strategy for LOEs was new and acquired products to do well because they were launched and acquired to offset the LOEs. They are growing 22% this year. They are already on a $3.1 billion in the quarter. If you without saying that that's the guidance, but if you multiply it by 4, just to give you, we are talking about over $12 billion this year and growing. And the $17 billion of LOEs now after Vynda, they are more 14 to 15 rather than $17 billion. So I think it looks good. Thank you. Operator Evan Seigerman, BMO Capital Markets. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Evan Seigerman - Bank of Montreal - Analyst I really want to touch on capital deployment, specifically when it comes to share repurchases. Dave, I know that that's been a method that you’ve wanted to employ now with clarity on Vyndamax and the CAGR post 2028. What other -- what else do you need to see to potentially start buying back shares, especially at these levels? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Yes, Evan, great question. We always look at our capital allocation strategy and balance between the three options that we have. At the moment, our focus is really on investing in our R&D platform and in business development to drive long-term value. With the development in these court cases, that does give us a bit more confidence in our cash flow over time. So you'll see us the capital allocation share repurchase lever will come back into greater consideration going forward. So great question. Something we always work at, and we're always looking to do what's best for the company and shareholders long term. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Dave. Very clear. Next question, please. Operator Courtney Breen, Bernstein. Courtney Breen - Sanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Equity Analyst I just wanted to probe a little bit more on Sigvotatug vedotin and positioning in that frontline setting all comers relative to the Symbiotic-Lung-01 study that you've already started with the PD-1 VEGF. I also note that you've got kind of a Phase 1/2 running combining these two assets. And can you help us contextualize that new Phase 3 all comers that you intend to start this year for SV first line? And how that may be positioned relative to Symbiotic-Lung-01? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer All right, Chris. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer & President, Research & Development Thank you very much for the question. Lung cancer is obviously a very significant unmet need and having a number of shots on goal now with a very differentiated portfolio gives us confidence that we can continue to play important role in lung cancer beyond just in the targeted therapies like lorlatinib. For SV, we are very encouraged by the data we've seen for the combination of pembrolizumab plus SV in the PD-L1 high population, where we previously showed in a small number of small code of patients that they all responded in the PD-L1 high to that combination. So the Phase 3 study that's ongoing for pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab plus SV. That study is recruiting well in the first-line setting and we're confident for the readout for that study. And ongoing also is the second line study, which is against Docetaxel and which was encouraged by the previous data we've seen, albeit in a single-arm experience with a median overall survival of 16.3 months. So that study should read out mid-year. That’s Docetaxel versus SV second-line powered for, obviously, for overall survival. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And if it’s positive as I said earlier, it will be clinically meaningful. And then ongoing studies being planned also for the broader population in combination with chemo plus pembrolizumab, and we will share some of the data at later this year for the early data for that combination. In terms of 4404, at ASCO, we will share the Phase 2 data of 4404-monotheraphy in first-line PD-1 expressing non-small cell lung cancer. As you know, we recently shared data at AACR, where we repeated the preclinical and early data generated by 3SBio in China. So we're really confident that this is a differentiated molecule. And the binding against VEGF is -- we've shown at AACR is better -- is higher affinity ability than what's seen with bevacizumab, or that’s seen with competitor VEGF/PD-1 molecules. So confident in the molecule. We'll share more data later this year with a broad program starting, including in combination with chemo and just a reminder, ASCO will also share data and with 4401-plus chemo in first-line advanced recurrent endometrial cancer, another program that we plan to start a Phase 3 program in. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. Operator Louise Chen, Scotiabank. Louise Chen - Scotiabank GBM - Analyst I want to ask you which key products do you think will drive the reacceleration of your growth in 2029 and beyond? And then regarding the international obesity opportunity, just curious what you learned from the launch of your GLP-1 in China? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Alexandre, let’s start with you again at this time because the obesity international has, of course, the Lilly numbers have surprised how big the international market is. And then also to speak about key products that will drive your growth in '29. And then, Aamir, US key products that will drive growth in '29. Alexandre de Germay - Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President So a good question on the ecnoglutide launch in China. Of course, it's very, very early days. We really launched the product Monday last week. So I mean it's only a week, so I can't really talk to you about the penetration of ecnoglutide in China. But what is really interesting is actually the incidence of chronic weight in China is quite high, 15% of the Chinese population. And considering the size of the China population, that makes it one of the larger market for chronic weight management. And that's the reason why we decided on March and February to structurally do this collaboration with Sciwind Bioscience for the commercialization of ecnoglutide in China, and since then, we got the approval and commercialize these assets. Ecnoglutide has a very interesting profile. And actually, it's demonstrating in a placebo-controlled study, a 15.1% weight loss at 48 weeks, which is in part was the best GLP-1. With this bias mechanism of action of GLP-1, we think that we have -- we are bringing to market a very effective asset with a good tolerability profile. And of course, we're going to leverage our very strong primary care capabilities in China that puts Pfizer China as one of the leading in primary care. So it's a combination of a very attractive clinical profile, plus our knowledge in this area. Well, we believe matters a leader in LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

this category. And we are not coming very late into the market because remember, Eli Lilly introduced their asset in the beginning of last year. So it's not like we're coming many years after the introduction of those assets. So as I said, I'm very optimistic, both due to the profile of this asset and the capability that we have developed in China. Now when it comes into the growth engine of the international. There are -- I just want to step back one second. If you look at the quarter and the fact that our non-COVID primary care group double-digit growth. We delivered $2 billion this quarter. Remember, we closed last year with a double-digit growth on primary care. Now if you look at the specialty care, about $1.5 billion this quarter, we're delivering a double-digit growth again. That was on the back of a double-digit growth last year. And there are assets in those different areas that will continue to power our growth. If I come back to primary care, our vaccines are growing very strongly. And the reason why we are growing very strongly on vaccine is because both on pneumococcal and on RSV, we have a large population. If you look at -- as you know, in pneumococcal, this is a very -it's a very large population and two-third of our vaccine business come from pediatrics. And of course, we have a large pediatric population to continue to grow. So both in maternal immunization and pneumococcal. So the vaccines have a potential to grow in pediatric and in adults. Of course, a big growth at the end of the decade will come from the Metsera asset in chronic weight management because there are two elements of that. One, it's an underserved category with a large epidemic across the world, right? In some of the emerging markets, we have a very high prevalence in Saudi, in Brazil, and Mexico of obesity and our presence in those markets will -- with a strong primary care will allow us to actually tap this potential. But also it is a cash market, which also is a big advantage in Europe and Japan and other developed markets where right after the approval, we can introduce those products which is not the case today in many of our categories because it takes a lot of time for reimbursement negotiation with the payer. So you see we have an in-line asset that will continue to power the growth, and we are bringing assets like the Metsera that will go straight to market. And of course, the oncology asset will come, but it will take longer for reimbursement negotiation. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Alexandre. Aamir now excite us for US. Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Louise, thanks for the question. There's many things that give us confidence about driving growth in the US in '29. If you take the first category, we have products that are on the market today that have a lot of upside to them. You think about PADCEV, all of our recent growth has been primarily driven by la/mUC. We're at the high 50% penetration there. And we've got lots of upside in MIDC, 303 and 304. So there's a lot of headroom for growth there. Secondly, you look at products like Nurtec, we've got a lot of tailwind behind us now, but only 60% of people who write a triptan have yet to write an oral CGRP. So there's a lot of headroom for growth, and we're executing really well against that. Second, you look at some of our existing large franchises. We have a lot of confidence in what's going to happen with Vynda. Now with 2.5 years of additional exclusivity gives us the opportunity to invest and to continue to grow diagnosis and we are doing a great job defending our existing patient base as well as ensuring that it is the choice, the top choice for new patient starts. And so we think we have a lot of momentum on franchises like that as well. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And then just to complement what Alexandre was saying. if I think about new areas of growth, we talked a lot about the oncology assets already, but obviously, we're very excited about what we have to bring to the market in obesity. The assets speak for themselves, but what I'm particularly excited about is the fact that we have unique capabilities as a company to win in this area, both in terms of our ability to activate consumers and patients in very different ways as well as our legacy in this space and the fact that almost 60% of physicians who are going to write these products, we already touch today through a combination of our field forces. So those combinations are just some examples of what gives us confidence to grow in '29 and beyond. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Aamir. And thank you, everyone, for your attention. Our strong performance in the quarter reflects the impact of our continued focus and disciplined execution. We are engaging with precision to maximize the value of our commercial portfolio, and we are seeing the results in our financial performance. In R&D, we are making meaningful progress with a robust slate of critical milestones ahead in 2026 that we believe will further demonstrate the strength and breadth of our pipeline. I want to thank my Pfizer team. I believe we have the best team Pfizer ever had. They are dedicated to our purpose, continue to deliver and embrace our commitment to creating long-term value for patients and for our shareholders. Thank you for joining the call today and thank you for your interest in Pfizer. We look forward to sharing further updates as we execute our priorities throughout the year. Operator Thank you. This brings us to the end of today's meeting. We appreciate your time and participation. You may now disconnect. DISCLAIMER LSEG reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES LSEG OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS. ©2026, LSEG. All Rights Reserved. 16711994-2026-05-05T22:19:15.320 LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

g Pfizer Reports Strong First-Quarter Results And Reaffirms 2026 Guidance ■ Earnings Driven by Focused Execution and 22% Op Revenue Growth of Launched and Acquired Products(1) ■ Pipeline Momentum Builds on Positive Phase 3 and Mid-Stage Readouts ■ R o b u s t L a t e - S t a g e R & D P i p e l i n e , O n T r a c k t o S t a r t ~20 Key Pivotal Studies in 2026 NEW YORK, Tuesday, May 5, 2026 — Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) reported financial results for the first quarter of 2026 and reaffirmed its full-year 2026 financial guidance(2). EXECUTIVE COMMENTARY Dr. Albert Bourla, Chairman and CEO of Pfizer: “We're off to a strong start in 2026, and it reinforces our confidence that we will successfully navigate this defining period for Pfizer. Our R&D pipeline is advancing on multiple fronts – with positive Phase 3 readouts and encouraging mid-stage results building meaningful momentum – and I'm particularly encouraged by what we're seeing in oncology and obesity, two areas where I believe Pfizer is positioned to lead.” David Denton, CFO and EVP of Pfizer: “Our first-quarter results are attributable to our solid commercial performance globally as well as our ongoing focus on operational efficiency. This quarter, I’m particularly pleased with the 22% year-over-year operational revenue growth from our launched and acquired products(1). Today, we are reaffirming our full-year 2026 financial guidance.” OVERALL RESULTS ■ First-Quarter 2026 Revenues of $14.5 Billion, Representing 2% Year-over-Year Operational Growth – Excluding Contributions from Comirnaty and Paxlovid, Revenues Grew 7% Operationally – Revenues of Launched and Acquired Products(1) Grew 22% Operationally ■ First-Quarter 2026 Reported(3) Diluted EPS of $0.47, and Adjusted(4) Diluted EPS of $0.75 ■ Reaffirms All Components of Full-Year 2026 Financial Guidance(2), including Revenues in a Range of $59.5 to $62.5 Billion and Adjusted(4) Diluted EPS in a Range of $2.80 to $3.00 - 1 -

Beginning in the first quarter of 2026, we made organizational changes in our commercial organization within the Global Biopharmaceuticals Business (Biopharma) to better support and optimize performance across our product portfolios. These changes include the transition of certain off-patent branded and generic sterile injectables and biosimilars primarily from the Specialty Care and Oncology product portfolios to a new Hospital and Biosimilars product portfolio and the creation of a new Global Hospital and Biosimilars Division within Biopharma. See the Item 1. Business––Commercial Operations section of Pfizer's 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K (available at www.pfizer.com and www.sec.gov). Some amounts in this press release may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates(5). Results for the first quarter of 2026 and 2025(6) are summarized below. ($ in millions, except per share amounts) First-Quarter 2026 2025 % Change Revenues $ 14,451 $ 13,715 5% Reported(3) Net Income 2,687 2,967 (9%) Reported(3) Diluted EPS 0.47 0.52 (10%) Adjusted(4) Income 4,290 5,237 (18%) Adjusted(4) Diluted EPS 0.75 0.92 (18%) REVENUES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2026 2025 % Change Total Oper. Global Biopharmaceuticals Business (Biopharma) $ 14,161 $ 13,441 5% 2% Pfizer CentreOne 289 273 6% 1% TOTAL REVENUES $ 14,451 $ 13,715 5% 2% - 2 -

2026 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE(2) ■ Reaffirms all components of full-year 2026 Financial Guidance(2), including Revenues in a range of $59.5 to $62.5 billion and Adjusted(4) Diluted EPS in a Range of $2.80 to $3.00. Revenues $59.5 to $62.5 billion Adjusted(4) SI&A Expenses $12.5 to $13.5 billion Adjusted(4) R&D Expenses $10.5 to $11.5 billion Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(4) Income Approximately 15.0% Adjusted(4) Diluted EPS $2.80 to $3.00 CAPITAL ALLOCATION During the first three months of 2026, Pfizer deployed its capital in a variety of ways, which primarily included: ▪ Reinvesting capital into initiatives intended to enhance the future growth prospects of the company, including: • $2.5 billion invested in internal research and development projects, and • Approximately $110 million invested in business development transactions. ▪ Returning capital directly to shareholders through $2.4 billion of cash dividends, or $0.43 per share of common stock. Our capital allocation framework is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value, and is based on three core pillars: (i) reinvesting in the business, including maintaining the flexibility to deploy capital towards potential valuecreating business development transactions, (ii) maintaining and, over the long term, growing our dividend, and (iii) in the future, the potential to resume the return of capital to shareholders through value-enhancing share repurchases after de-levering our balance sheet. The company expects to continue to de-lever over the longer term in a prudent manner in order to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. No share repurchases have been completed to date in 2026. As of May 5, 2026, Pfizer’s remaining share repurchase authorization is $3.3 billion. Current financial guidance does not anticipate any share repurchases in 2026. Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,731 million and 5,710 million were used to calculate Reported(3) and Adjusted(4) diluted EPS for first-quarter 2026 and 2025, respectively. - 3 -

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (First-Quarter 2026 vs. First-Quarter 2025) First-quarter 2026 revenues totaled $14.5 billion, an increase of $736 million, or 5%, compared to the prior-year quarter, reflecting an operational increase of $304 million, or 2%, and a favorable impact of foreign exchange of $431 million. The operational increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenues for Padcev, Eliquis, Oncology biosimilars, Nurtec and several other products across categories, partially offset primarily by a yearover-year decline in COVID-19 product revenues. Excluding contributions from Comirnaty and Paxlovid, revenues for the first quarter grew 7% operationally. Additionally, first-quarter revenues of our Launched and Acquired Products(1) grew 22% operationally. First-quarter 2026 operational revenue growth was driven primarily by: ▪ Padcev globally, up 39% operationally, driven primarily by increased market share in first-line locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (la/mUC) as well as contribution from launch momentum in the cisplatin-ineligible indication for muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC); ▪ Eliquis globally, up 8% operationally, driven primarily by higher demand globally, partially offset by declines due to generic entry and price erosion in certain international markets; ▪ Oncology biosimilars globally, up 52% operationally, driven primarily by favorable net price in the U.S. and supply recovery, with both drivers partially reflecting one-time impacts; ▪ Nurtec ODT/Vydura globally, up 41% operationally, driven primarily by strong demand and one-time net price favorability in the U.S., as well as recent launches in certain international markets; ▪ Lorbrena globally, up 32% operationally, driven primarily by increased patient share in the first-line ALKpositive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ mNSCLC) treatment setting in the U.S., China, and certain other international markets; ▪ Vyndaqel family (Vyndaqel, Vyndamax, Vynmac) globally, up 4% operationally. International growth was primarily driven by strong demand with continuing uptake in patient diagnosis across markets as well as improved access in certain international markets. In the U.S., revenues declined primarily due to net price erosion as a result of new payer contracts, partially offset by continued market expansion; ▪ Xeljanz globally, up 34% operationally, driven primarily by favorable net price in the U.S., partially offset by lower demand internationally; and ▪ Abrysvo globally, up 31% operationally. U.S. growth was primarily driven by a lower returns provision compared to the prior-year quarter, partially offset by lower vaccine rates. International growth was primarily driven by launch uptake in certain international markets, partially offset by unfavorable timing of deliveries for the maternal indication in certain international markets; partially offset primarily by lower revenues for: - 4 -

▪ Comirnaty globally, down 59% operationally, driven primarily by a decline in international markets from both lower contractual deliveries and a lower favorable adjustment to the returns provision, as well as lower utilization in the U.S. primarily resulting from a narrower recommendation for vaccination; and ▪ Paxlovid globally, down 63% operationally, driven primarily by lower COVID-19 infections across U.S. and international markets and lower government purchases in certain international markets. GAAP Reported(3) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED REPORTED(3) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2026 2025 % Change Total Oper. Cost of Sales(3) $ 3,548 $ 2,845 25% 15% Percent of Revenues 24.6% 20.7% N/A N/A SI&A Expenses(3) 2,961 3,031 (2%) (4%) R&D Expenses(3) 2,490 2,203 13% 12% Acquired IPR&D Expenses(3) 137 9 * * Other (Income)/Deductions—net (3) 861 953 (10%) (13%) Effective Tax Rate on Reported(3) Income 14.6% (6.8%) * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. First-quarter 2026 Cost of Sales(3) as a percentage of revenues increased by 3.8 percentage points compared to the prior-year quarter, primarily driven by the non-recurrence of a favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties in the first quarter of 2025 as well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. First-quarter 2026 SI&A Expenses(3) decreased 4% operationally compared to the prior-year quarter, primarily reflecting lower marketing and promotional spending on various products from more targeted investments and ongoing productivity improvements, as well as lower spending in corporate enabling functions; partially offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. First-quarter 2026 R&D Expenses(3) increased 12% operationally compared to the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by an increase in spending in certain oncology and obesity product candidates. Pfizer’s effective tax rate on Reported(3) income for the first quarter of 2026 increased compared to the prior-year quarter primarily due to an unfavorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings as well as the non-recurrence of favorable global income tax resolutions. - 5 -

Adjusted(4) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED ADJUSTED(4) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) First-Quarter 2026 2025 % Change Total Oper. Adjusted(4) Cost of Sales $ 3,406 $ 2,593 31% 20% Percent of Revenues 23.6% 18.9% N/A N/A Adjusted(4) SI&A Expenses 2,915 3,010 (3%) (5%) Adjusted(4) R&D Expenses 2,434 2,173 12% 11% Acquired IPR&D Expenses(4) 137 9 * * Adjusted(4) Other (Income)/Deductions—net 388 246 58% 45% Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(4) Income 16.9% 7.8% * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. See the reconciliations of certain Reported(3) to non-GAAP Adjusted(4) financial measures and associated footnotes in the financial tables section of this press release. RECENT NOTABLE DEVELOPMENTS (Since February 3, 2026) Product Developments Braftovi (encorafenib) Regulatory February 2026. Announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted full approval to Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and fluorouracil-based chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) with a BRAF V600E mutation based on results from the global Phase 3 BREAKWATER trial (NCT04607421). The Braftovi combination regimen is the only approved targeted regimen for first-line BRAF V600E-mutant metastatic colorectal cancer. Full Release Phase 3 Results February 2026. Announced positive topline progression-free survival (PFS) results from Cohort 3, a separate, randomized cohort of the pivotal BREAKWATER trial, evaluating Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and FOLFIRI (fluorouracil, leucovorin, and irinotecan) in patients with previously untreated metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) with a BRAF V600E mutation. The Braftovi regimen demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS, a key secondary endpoint, as assessed by blinded independent central review (BICR) compared to treatment with FOLFIRI with or without bevacizumab. Overall survival (OS), a descriptive secondary endpoint, also showed clinically meaningful prolonged improvement with the Braftovi regimen. At the time of the PFS analysis, the safety profile of Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and FOLFIRI was consistent with the known profile of each regimen component and no new safety signals were identified. Full Release - 6 -

Elrexfio (elranatamab) Phase 3 Results April 2026. Announced positive topline results from the Phase 3 MagnetisMM-5 study evaluating Elrexfio as monotherapy in adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM) who received at least one prior line of treatment. The study demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in the primary endpoint of PFS, as assessed by BICR, versus standard-of-care daratumumab plus pomalidomide and dexamethasone. The safety and tolerability of Elrexfio was consistent with its known safety profile. Full Release Hympavzi (marstacimab) Regulatory March 2026. Announced the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion for Hympavzi to expand the approved indication to include patients 12 years of age and older weighing at least 35 kg with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII [FVIII] deficiency) with FVIII inhibitors, or hemophilia B (congenital factor IX [FIX] deficiency) with FIX inhibitors. The European Commission will review the CHMP recommendation and is expected to make a final decision in the coming months. Full Release Regulatory February 2026. Announced the FDA accepted and granted priority review for the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Hympavzi to expand the approved indication to include the treatment of hemophilia A or B patients 6 years and older with inhibitors, and pediatric patients (ages 6 to 11) with hemophilia A or B without inhibitors. The FDA has set a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) action date in the second quarter of 2026. Full Release Padcev (enfortumab vedotin) Regulatory April 2026. Pfizer and Astellas Pharma Inc. announced the FDA accepted for priority review a sBLA for perioperative (before and after surgery) Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab or pembrolizumab and berahyaluronidase alfapmph as treatment for patients with muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC). This regimen was FDA-approved in November 2025 for use as perioperative treatment in cisplatin-ineligible patients with MIBC. This filing seeks to expand the indication to patients with MIBC regardless of cisplatin eligibility. The FDA has set a PDUFA target action date of August 17, 2026. Full Release Phase 3 Results February 2026. Pfizer and Astellas announced positive results from the investigational Phase 3 EV-304 clinical trial (also known as KEYNOTE-B15) for Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with MIBC eligible for cisplatin-based chemotherapy. Perioperative (before and after surgery) Padcev plus pembrolizumab demonstrated a 47% reduction in the risk of tumor recurrence, progression or death compared to patients treated with standard of care neoadjuvant (before surgery) gemcitabine and cisplatin (Hazard Ratio (HR) of 0.53; 95% Confidence Interval (CI), 0.41–0.70; 1-sided p<.0001).The safety profile for perioperative Padcev plus pembrolizumab observed in EV-304 was consistent with prior experience with the combination and there were no new safety signals. Full Release - 7 -

Talzenna (talazoparib) Phase 3 Results March 2026. Announced positive topline results from the investigational Phase 3 TALAPRO-3 study of Talzenna in combination with Xtandi in people with homologous recombination repair (HRR) gene-mutated metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer (mCSPC), also known as metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mHSPC). The study met its primary endpoint, with Talzenna plus Xtandi demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in radiographic progression-free survival (rPFS), compared to placebo plus Xtandi. The results markedly exceeded the pre-specified target hazard ratio of 0.63, with the majority of patients remaining progression-free at the time of analysis. Consistent efficacy benefit was also observed in patients whose tumors harbored BRCA and non-BRCA HRR gene alterations. The safety of Talzenna plus Xtandi was consistent with the known safety profile of each medicine, and no new safety signals were identified. Full Release Pipeline Developments A comprehensive update of Pfizer’s development pipeline was published today and is now available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an overview of Pfizer’s research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phase 1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration. Product/Project Milestone Recent Development Link atirmociclib Phase 2 Results March 2026. Announced positive topline results from the randomized Phase 2 FOURLIGHT-1 study evaluating atirmociclib in combination with fulvestrant, versus fulvestrant or everolimus plus exemestane, in people with hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2negative (HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast cancer (MBC) who had received prior cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) 4/6 inhibitor-based treatment. The study met its primary endpoint, demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS, as assessed by the investigator [HR: 0.60 (95% CI: (0.440, 0.825)), p=0.0007], with a manageable safety profile. Its safety profile was consistent with prior studies, and no new safety signals were identified. These are the first randomized Phase 2 data in HR+ MBC for atirmociclib, an investigational, potential first-in-class CDK4 inhibitor. These findings support Pfizer's strategy which aims to advance atirmociclib in first-line and early-stage disease, where durable endocrine-based control has the potential to have the greatest impact. Full Release - 8 -

Lyme Disease Vaccine Candidate (LB6V / VLA15) Phase 3 Results March 2026. Pfizer and Valneva SE announced topline results from the Phase 3 VALOR “Vaccine Against Lyme for Outdoor Recreationists” clinical trial (NCT05477524) of its investigational 6-valent OspA-based Lyme disease vaccine candidate PF-07307405 (LB6V, formerly known as VLA15). Results from pre-specified analyses demonstrated efficacy of 73.2% from 28 days post-dose 4 (season 2) in reducing the rate of confirmed Lyme disease cases compared to the placebo arm (95% CI 15.8, 93.5) and efficacy of 74.8% from 1-day post-dose 4 (season 2) in reducing the rate of confirmed Lyme disease cases compared to the placebo arm (95% CI 21.7, 93.9). Fewer than anticipated Lyme disease cases were accrued over the study period, and the pre-determined statistical criterion (95% CI lower bound >20) was not met in the first pre-specified analysis (primary endpoint). The vaccine candidate was well tolerated with no safety concerns identified at time of analysis. Pfizer is planning submissions to regulatory authorities. Full Release tilrekimig Phase 2 Results March 2026. Announced positive topline results from a Phase 2 study investigating tilrekimig (PF-07275315), a potential first-inclass, investigational trispecific antibody that simultaneously targets interleukin-4 (IL-4), interleukin-13 (IL-13) and thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP), in adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. The study met its primary efficacy endpoint, demonstrating a statistically significant increase in the percentage of participants achieving EASI-75 (≥ 75% reduction in the Eczema Area and Severity Index) at Week 16 across all doses tested, compared to placebo. Tilrekimig was welltolerated with a favorable safety profile and no dose dependent safety signals; adverse event rates were comparable to placebo. Phase 3 planning for atopic dermatitis is ongoing, with a pivotal study on track to start this year. Full Release Corporate Developments Business Development February 2026. Pfizer and Hangzhou Sciwind Biosciences Co., Ltd. (Sciwind Biosciences) announced a strategic commercialization collaboration in which Pfizer obtained exclusive commercialization rights for Sciwind Biosciences’ glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist ecnoglutide in Mainland China. Sciwind Biosciences remains the Marketing Authorization Holder and is responsible for research and development, registration, manufacturing and supply of the product. Sciwind Biosciences is eligible to receive an aggregate of up to $495M in upfront, regulatory and sales milestone payments. Ecnoglutide Injection (Xianweiying(7)) was approved in China on March 6 for long-term weight management in adults with overweight or obesity, as an adjunct to a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity, and was subsequently launched in China on April 27, 2026. Full Release TrumpRx February 2026. Announced the launch of Pfizer’s participation on TrumpRx.gov providing Americans a wide range of more than 30 medicines at a significant discount off list prices. This effort is part of Pfizer’s broader Most Favored Nation (MFN) agreement with the U.S. government enabling patients to pay lower prices for their prescription medicines, while strengthening America’s role as a global leader in pharmaceutical innovation. Full Release Topic Recent Development Link - 9 -

ViiV Healthcare Limited March 2026. Pfizer completed the exit of its 11.7% investment in ViiV Healthcare Limited and received $1.875 billion in proceeds (or approximately $1.65 billion in cash, net of associated taxes and fees). This transaction will be accounted for in the second quarter of 2026. N/A Vyndamax Patent Settlements April 2026. Pfizer entered into settlement agreements with generic drug manufacturers Dexcel Pharma, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and Cipla Ltd, regarding lawsuits filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware for infringement of patents relating to Vyndamax. These settlements extend the effective U.S. patent expiry date for Vyndamax to June 1, 2031, subject to the outcome of other litigation. Pfizer had previously anticipated a significant decline in U.S. revenues for Vyndamax beginning in 2029 upon patent expiry. As a result of this settlement, revenues are now expected to remain relatively stable from 2028 through mid-2031. Full Release Topic Recent Development Link PFIZER TO HOST CONFERENCE CALL Pfizer will host a live conference call and webcast today, May 5, 2026, at 10:00 AM EDT. To access the live conference call, the first-quarter 2026 earnings presentation, and the accompanying prepared remarks from management, visit our website at pfizer.com/investors. You can also listen to the conference call by dialing either 800-456-4352 in the U.S. and Canada or 785-424-1086 outside of the U.S. and Canada. The passcode is “74607”. The transcript and webcast replay of the call will be made available on our website at pfizer.com/investors within 24 hours after the end of the live conference call and will be accessible for at least 90 days. - 10 -

For additional details, see the attached financial schedules, product revenue tables and disclosure notice. (1) ‘Launched and Acquired Products’ represent select recently launched and acquired products, including new indications. Launched products primarily include Prevnar 20 (Pediatrics), Abrysvo (Older Adult / Maternal), Elrexfio, Cibinqo, Talzenna, Litfulo, Ngenla, Hympavzi, Penbraya Adolescent, and Lorbrena (added Q1-26); and acquired products primarily include Padcev, Adcetris, Tukysa, Tivdak, Nurtec ODT/ Vydura, and Velsipity. (2) Pfizer does not provide guidance for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) Reported financial measures (other than revenues) or a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP Reported financial measures on a forward-looking basis because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of unusual gains and losses, certain acquisition-related expenses, gains and losses from equity securities, actuarial gains and losses from pension and postretirement plan remeasurements, potential future asset impairments and pending litigation without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP Reported results for the guidance period. Financial guidance for full-year 2026 reflects the following: ▪ Does not assume the completion of any business development transactions not completed as of May 5, 2026. ▪ An anticipated unfavorable revenue impact of approximately $1.5 billion due to recent and expected generic and biosimilar competition for certain products that have recently lost patent or regulatory protection or that are anticipated to lose patent or regulatory protection. ▪ Exchange rates assumed are a blend of actual rates in effect through first-quarter 2026 and mid-April 2026 rates for the remainder of the year. ▪ Guidance for Adjusted(4) diluted EPS assumes diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of approximately 5.74 billion shares, and assumes no share repurchases in 2026. (3) Revenues is defined as revenues in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported net income and its components are defined as net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and its components in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported diluted earnings per share (EPS) is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP. (4) Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) are defined as U.S. GAAP net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and U.S. GAAP diluted EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items. See the accompanying reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the first quarter of 2026 and 2025. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for U.S. GAAP net income and its components and diluted EPS(3). See the Non-GAAP - 11 -

Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the accompanying Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of this press release for a definition of each component of Adjusted income as well as other relevant information. (5) References to operational (Op) variances in this press release pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of Pfizer’s business, they are not within Pfizer’s control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, Pfizer believes presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate Pfizer’s results. (6) Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for international subsidiaries is November 30 while Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is December 31. Therefore, Pfizer’s first quarter for U.S. subsidiaries reflects the three months ended on March 29, 2026 and March 30, 2025, while Pfizer’s first quarter for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. reflects the three months ended on February 22, 2026 and February 23, 2025. (7) Xianweiying® is a registered trademark of Hangzhou Sciwind Biosciences Co., Ltd. - 12 -

First-Quarter % Incr. / 2026 2025 (Decr.) Revenues: Product revenues $ 11,715 $ 11,294 4 Alliance revenues 2,339 2,113 11 Royalty revenues 396 308 29 Total revenues 14,451 13,715 5 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales(2) 3,548 2,845 25 Selling, informational and administrative expenses(2) 2,961 3,031 (2) Research and development expenses(2) 2,490 2,203 13 Acquired in-process research and development expenses 137 9 * Amortization of intangible assets 1,183 1,211 (2) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs(3) 100 678 (85) Other (income)/deductions––net(4) 861 953 (10) Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income 3,170 2,785 14 Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(5) 461 (189) * Income from continuing operations 2,709 2,973 (9) Discontinued operations––net of tax (13) — * Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 2,696 2,973 (9) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 8 6 33 Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 2,687 $ 2,967 (9) Earnings per common share––basic: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.48 $ 0.52 (9) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — * Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.47 $ 0.52 (10) Earnings per common share––diluted: Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.47 $ 0.52 (9) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — * Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 0.47 $ 0.52 (10) Weighted-average shares used to calculate earnings per common share: Basic 5,691 5,675 Diluted 5,731 5,710 * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(1) (UNAUDITED) - 13 -

(1) The financial statements present the three months ended March 29, 2026 and March 30, 2025. Subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. are included for the three months ended February 22, 2026 and February 23, 2025. The financial results for the three months ended March 29, 2026 are not necessarily indicative of the results that ultimately could be achieved for the full year. Certain amounts in the consolidated statements of operations and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. (2) Exclusive of amortization of intangible assets. (3) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs include the following: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2026 2025 Restructuring charges/(credits)––acquisition-related costs(a) $ 16 $ 9 Restructuring charges/(credits)––cost reduction initiatives(b) 34 612 Restructuring charges/(credits) 49 621 Integration costs and other(c) 51 57 Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs $ 100 $ 678 (a) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs associated with business combinations. (b) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs not associated with acquisitions. The charges for the first quarter of 2026 primarily represent asset impairments associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. The charges for the first quarter of 2025 primarily represented employee termination costs, asset impairments and exit costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. (c) Integration costs and other represent external, incremental costs directly related to integrating acquired businesses, such as expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes, and certain other qualifying costs. (4) Components of Other (income)/deductions––net include: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2026 2025 Interest income $ (115) $ (143) Interest expense 668 654 Net interest expense 554 511 Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities 9 370 Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (72) (158) Certain legal matters, net(a) 191 142 Certain asset impairments(b) — 224 Changes in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 295 8 Other, net (116) (144) Other (income)/deductions––net $ 861 $ 953 (a) The amount for the first quarter of 2026 primarily includes certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. The amount for the first quarter of 2025 included certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. (b) The amount for the first quarter of 2025 primarily represented an intangible asset impairment charge of $210 million for a Phase 2 indefinite-lived out-licensed asset that was discontinued by our out-licensing partner. (5) Our effective tax rates for income from continuing operations were 14.6% for the first quarter of 2026 and (6.8)% for the first quarter of 2025. The increase in the effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2026, compared to the first quarter of 2025, was primarily due to an unfavorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings as well as the non-recurrence of favorable global income tax resolutions. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - (UNAUDITED) - 14 -

Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide–– prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows: Measure Definition Relevance of Metrics to Our Business Performance Adjusted income Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items • Provides investors useful information to: ◦ evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-overyear basis ◦ assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis • Provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b) Adjusted cost of sales, Adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, Adjusted research and development expenses and Adjusted other (income)/deductions––net Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, Research and development expenses and Other (income)/deductions––net (a), each before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisitionrelated items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the Adjusted income measure Adjusted diluted EPS EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items (a) Most directly comparable GAAP measure. (b) Any expenses for acquired IPR&D are included in our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders, components of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted , respectively. We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans. See the reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the first quarter of 2026 and 2025 below and the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME - 15 -

First-Quarter 2026 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 3,548 $ 2,961 $ 861 $ 2,687 $ 0.47 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,183 Acquisition-related items (118) (6) (300) 504 Discontinued operations — — — 13 Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/credits, inventory writeoffs, implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (18) (36) — 126 Gains/losses on equity securities — — (9) 9 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan gains/losses — — (11) 11 Other(5) (5) (4) (153) 166 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (410) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 3,406 $ 2,915 $ 388 (6) $ 4,290 $ 0.75 First-Quarter 2025 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 2,845 $ 3,031 $ 953 $ 2,967 $ 0.52 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,211 Acquisition-related items (206) (1) (7) 282 Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/credits and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (3) (24) (6) — 666 Certain asset impairments(4) — — (224) 224 Gains/losses on equity securities — — (370) 370 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan gains/losses — — 59 (59) Other(5) (23) (15) (166) 207 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (630) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 2,593 $ 3,010 $ 246 (6) $ 5,237 $ 0.92 PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 16 -

(1) Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income from continuing operations were 14.6% for the first quarter of 2026 and (6.8)% for the first quarter of 2025. See Note (5) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were 16.9% for the first quarter of 2026 and 7.8% for the first quarter of 2025. (2) The amounts for the first quarter of 2026 and 2025 include reconciling amounts for Research and development expenses that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations. (3) Includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. (4) See Note (4) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. (5) For the first quarter of 2026, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustments of $153 million primarily include charges of $147 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. For the first quarter of 2025, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustments of $166 million primarily included charges of $142 million for certain legal matters, representing certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. (6) The components of non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net include the following: First-Quarter (MILLIONS) 2026 2025 Interest income $ (115) $ (143) Interest expense 671 657 Net interest expense 556 514 Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (83) (100) Certain legal matters, net 44 — Other, net (129) (169) Non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net $ 388 $ 246 See Note (4) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above for additional information on the components comprising GAAP Reported Other (income)/deductions––net. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES NOTES TO RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 17 -

WORLDWIDE UNITED STATES TOTAL INTERNATIONAL

2026 2025 % Change 2026 2025 % Change 2026 2025 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 14,451 $ 13,715 5% 2% $ 8,731 $ 8,374 4% $ 5,719 $ 5,341 7% (1%) GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 14,161 $ 13,441 5% 2% $ 8,626 $ 8,285 4% $ 5,535 $ 5,156 7% (1%) Primary Care $ 5,542 $ 5,692 (3%) (6%) $ 3,427 $ 3,577 (4%) $ 2,115 $ 2,115 — (8%) Eliquis(b) 2,166 1,923 13% 8% 1,435 1,299 10% 731 624 17% 4% Prevnar family(c) 1,690 1,660 2% (1%) 1,053 1,170 (10%) 637 491 30% 21% Nurtec ODT/Vydura 353 248 42% 41% 312 228 37% 41 20 99% 87% Comirnaty 232 565 (59%) (59%) 131 229 (43%) 101 335 (70%) (71%) Paxlovid 186 491 (62%) (63%) 135 347 (61%) 51 145 (65%) (67%) Abrysvo 180 131 37% 31% 84 63 33% 96 68 41% 30% FSME-IMMUN/TicoVac 81 63 28% 13% 1 1 40% 80 62 28% 13% All other Primary Care 654 609 7% 3% 275 240 15% 379 370 2% (4%) Oncology $ 3,826 $ 3,494 9% 7% $ 2,846 $ 2,629 8% $ 980 $ 866 13% 5% Ibrance 1,008 977 3% (1%) 632 659 (4%) 376 318 18% 7% Padcev 591 426 39% 39% 585 419 40% 7 7 (7%) (13%) Xtandi(d) 444 458 (3%) (3%) 444 458 (3%) — — — — Lorbrena 305 222 37% 32% 116 92 26% 190 130 46% 37% Inlyta 214 219 (2%) (5%) 113 129 (12%) 101 90 12% 6% Adcetris(e) 190 218 (13%) (13%) 184 213 (13%) 5 5 19% 15% Braftovi/Mektovi 174 136 29% 28% 160 128 25% 14 8 84% 74% Bosulif 129 151 (15%) (15%) 108 120 (10%) 21 31 (33%) (36%) Tukysa 122 102 19% 16% 95 83 15% 26 20 34% 21% Orgovyx(f) 109 76 43% 43% 109 76 43% — — — — Elrexfio 80 60 34% 32% 35 31 15% 45 29 55% 50% Talzenna 50 40 25% 21% 36 29 25% 14 11 25% 11% Tivdak 33 33 (1%) (1%) 33 31 7% — 3 * * All other Oncology 376 377 — (3%) 195 162 20% 180 215 (16%) (20%) Specialty Care $ 2,939 $ 2,616 12% 8% $ 1,413 $ 1,367 3% $ 1,526 $ 1,249 22% 13% Vyndaqel family(g) 1,602 1,486 8% 4% 911 986 (8%) 691 499 38% 26% Xeljanz 180 128 40% 34% 81 20 * 99 108 (9%) (15%) Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 150 135 11% 3% — — — 150 135 11% 3% Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 138 140 (2%) (8%) — — — 138 140 (2%) (8%) Octagam 122 88 38% 38% 122 88 38% — — — — Genotropin 93 95 (2%) (7%) 13 11 16% 80 84 (5%) (10%) Cibinqo 76 58 31% 27% 27 24 16% 49 34 42% 34% All other Specialty Care 579 486 19% 15% 259 237 9% 320 248 29% 21% Hospital and Biosimilars(a) $ 1,854 $ 1,639 13% 10% $ 940 $ 713 32% $ 914 $ 926 (1%) (7%) Oncology biosimilars(h) 409 264 55% 52% 313 177 76% 95 87 10% 3% Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 199 164 22% 16% — — — 199 164 22% 16% Inflectra 182 153 19% 19% 170 103 65% 12 50 (75%) (77%) Zithromax 112 158 (29%) (33%) — — — 111 158 (29%) (33%) All other Hospital and Biosimilars 953 901 6% 2% 458 433 6% 495 468 6% (1%) PFIZER CENTREONE(i) $ 289 $ 273 6% 1% $ 105 $ 89 18% $ 184 $ 185 — (7%) BIOPHARMA(a) $ 14,161 $ 13,441 5% 2% $ 8,626 $ 8,285 4% $ 5,535 $ 5,156 7% (1%) PFIZER U.S. COMMERCIAL DIVISION 7,686 7,572 2% 2% 7,686 7,572 2% — — — — PFIZER INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL DIVISION 5,233 4,849 8% — — — — 5,233 4,849 8% — GLOBAL HOSPITAL AND BIOSIMILARS DIVISION(j) 1,242 1,020 22% 19% 940 713 32% 302 307 (2%) (9%) Total Alliance revenues included above $ 2,339 $ 2,113 11% 8% $ 1,872 $ 1,727 8% $ 467 $ 386 21% 9% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 396 $ 308 29% 28% $ 392 $ 305 28% $ 4 $ 3 47% 35% PFIZER INC. - REVENUES FIRST-QUARTER 2026 and 2025 - (UNAUDITED) - 18 -

PFIZER INC. NOTES TO REVENUES TABLE INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (a) In the first quarter of 2026, we made changes in our commercial structure, which included the transition of certain off-patent branded and generic sterile injectables and biosimilars primarily from the Specialty Care and Oncology product portfolios to a new Hospital and Biosimilars product portfolio within our Biopharma reportable segment. Effective January 1, 2026, the commercial structure within the Biopharma reportable segment is composed of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, the Pfizer International Commercial Division and the Global Hospital and Biosimilars Division. We reclassified prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. For additional information regarding our commercial organizational structure, see the Item 1. Business–– Commercial Operations section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Reflects alliance revenues and product revenues. (c) Prevnar family includes revenues from Prevnar 20/Prevenar 20 (pediatric and adult) and Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 (pediatric and adult). (d) Primarily reflects alliance revenues and royalty revenues. (e) Reflects product revenues and royalty revenues. (f) Reflects alliance revenues. (g) Vyndaqel family includes global revenues from Vyndaqel, as well as revenues for Vyndamax in the U.S. and Vynmac in Japan. (h) Biosimilars are highly similar versions of approved and authorized biological medicines. Oncology biosimilars primarily include Ruxience, Zirabev, Retacrit, Trazimera and Nivestym. (i) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) includes revenues from our contract manufacturing and our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships. Also includes revenues associated with the wind-down of our former Pfizer Ignite operating segment, which were not material in both periods presented. We reclassified prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. (j) Includes the commercial organization covering Pfizer’s Hospital and Biosimilars product portfolio of off-patent branded and generic sterile injectables and biosimilars except in China, Hong Kong, and certain other international markets, which are part of the Pfizer International Commercial Division. * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. Amounts may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. - 19 -

DISCLOSURE NOTICE: Except where otherwise noted, the information contained in this earnings release and the related attachments is as of May 5, 2026. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this earnings release and the related attachments as a result of new information or future events or developments. This earnings release and the related attachments contain forward-looking statements about, among other topics, our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections; reorganizations; business plans, strategy, goals and prospects; expectations for our product pipeline (including products from completed or anticipated acquisitions), in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches, clinical development plans, discontinuations, clinical trial results and other developing data, revenue contribution and projections, pricing and reimbursement, market dynamics, including demand, market size and utilization rates and growth, performance, timing and duration of exclusivity and potential benefits; the impact and potential impact of tariffs and pricing dynamics; strategic reviews; leverage and capital allocation objectives; an enterprise-wide cost realignment program (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); a Manufacturing Optimization Program to reduce our cost of goods sold (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); dividends and share repurchases; plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, including our acquisitions of Metsera and Seagen and our in-licensing agreements with 3SBio and YaoPharma, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities and prospects; our voluntary agreement with the U.S. Government designed to lower drug costs for U.S. patients and to include certain Pfizer products on the TrumpRx.gov platform, Pfizer’s plans to further invest in U.S. manufacturing and potential tariff impacts, including our ability to enter into a binding tariff agreement with the U.S. Government prior to the phase-in of Section 232 tariffs; manufacturing and product supply; our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and the expected seasonality of demand for certain of our products. Given their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions and we cannot assure you that any outcome expressed in these forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use future dates or use words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning. Pfizer’s financial guidance is based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of research and development (R&D) activities, including the ability to meet anticipated preclinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; and uncertainties regarding the future development of our product candidates, including whether or when our product candidates will advance to future studies or phases of development or whether or when regulatory applications may be filed for any of our product candidates, including as a result of clinical trial data or regulatory decisions or feedback that could impact the future development of our product candidates, including our vaccine candidates such as our next generation pneumococcal conjugate vaccine candidate; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; • regulatory decisions impacting labeling, approval or authorization, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain or maintain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing/reimbursement, approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the conduct or outcome of post-approval - 20 -

clinical trials, pharmacovigilance or Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential; • the success and impact of external business development activities, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of any transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all, including the possibility that such transactions do not close; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business or operations relationships; risks related to achieving or growing revenues for certain acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products remains endemic and seasonal and/or COVID-19 infection rates do not follow prior patterns, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, which has in the past and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory or other unanticipated charges; risks related to our ability to develop, receive regulatory approval for, and commercialize variant adapted vaccines, combinations and/or treatments; uncertainties related to recommendations and coverage for, and the public’s adherence to, vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations, including uncertainties related to the potential impact of narrowing recommended patient populations; whether or when our EUAs or biologics licenses will expire, terminate or be revoked; risks related to our ability to accurately predict or achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments; and potential third-party royalties or other claims related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of global trade tensions, as well as currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation or deflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; • any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications or disputes related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other payors; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and changes in global financial markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions, tariffs and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes; - 21 -

• risks and uncertainties related to issued or future executive orders or other new, or changes in, laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs or other trade or foreign policy and/or the impact of any potential U.S. Governmental shutdowns, including impacts on governmental agencies due to a shutdown; • the risk and impact of tariffs on our business, which is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs or other retaliatory actions imposed by other countries; • the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters; • any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action and the resulting economic or other consequences; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, such as our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines, and our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved and any regulatory or other impact on Oxbryta and other sickle cell disease assets; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including any potential future phases, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs, organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate-related goals and progress our environmental and other sustainability priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings: • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation, including executive orders or other change in laws, regulations or policy, or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B Drug Pricing Program or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) and the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, government cuts to Affordable Care Act (ACA) subsidies, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • risks and uncertainties related to the impact of Pfizer’s voluntary agreement with the U.S. Government designed to lower drug costs for U.S. patients and to include certain Pfizer products on the TrumpRx.gov platform, Pfizer’s plans to further invest in U.S. manufacturing and potential tariff impacts, including risks relating to entering into binding final agreements with the U.S. Government and its impact on the applicability of Section 232 tariffs; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, including international reference pricing (including Most-Favored-Nation drug pricing), intellectual property, product approval processes and pathways, reimbursement or access to or recommendations for our medicines and vaccines, tax changes or other restrictions on U.S. direct-toconsumer advertising; limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets; • risks and uncertainties related to changes to vaccine or other healthcare policy in the U.S., including: (i) risks and uncertainties relating to the evolving vaccine landscape; and (ii) the FDA's recently adopted policy of disclosing Complete Response Letters for unapproved drug candidates and the attendant risk of disclosure of trade secrets or confidential commercial information; • legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, data protection and cybersecurity, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain products to control costs in those markets; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to legal proceedings and actual or alleged environmental contamination; - 22 -

• the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws, regulations and policies affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, as well as changes in such laws, regulations or policies or their interpretation, including, among others, new or changes in tariffs, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., including the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which was enacted on July 4, 2025, and is still subject to further guidance; the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024, government cost-cutting measures and related impacts on, among other matters, government staffing, resources and ability to timely review and process regulatory or other submissions; restrictions related to certain data transfers, including data security, data localization and cross border data transfer regulations, and transactions involving certain countries; and potential changes to existing tax laws, tariffs, or changes to other laws, regulations or policies in the U.S., including by the U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, as well as in other countries; Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Cybersecurity: • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; • risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in loss of patent coverage; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure from, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products; • any significant breakdown or interruption of our information technology systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); • any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack, which may include those using adversarial artificial intelligence techniques, or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; and • risks and challenges related to the use of proprietary or third-party software, systems and services (including cloud services) that include artificial intelligence-based functionality and other emerging technologies, such as the risk of inaccurate, biased or otherwise flawed outputs of AI tools and models; risks related to the protection of proprietary data and confidential information used in or generated by AI systems; reputational risks related to the use of AI in drug discovery, clinical development, manufacturing, commercial operations or patient-facing applications; and the risk that anticipated cost savings from AI, automation and digital enablement efforts may not be realized in the expected amounts or within expected timeframes. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. A further list and description of risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and in our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, in each case including in the sections thereof captioned “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in our subsequent reports on Form 8-K. This earnings release may include discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/ or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. The information contained on our website or any third-party website is not incorporated by reference into this earnings release. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners. Certain of the products and product candidates discussed in this earnings release are being co-researched, codeveloped and/or co-promoted in collaboration with other companies for which Pfizer’s rights vary by market or are the subject of agreements pursuant to which Pfizer has commercialization rights in certain markets. - 23 -