=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

LSEG STREETEVENTS EDITED TRANSCRIPT PFE.N - Q4 2025 Pfizer Inc Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: FEBRUARY 03, 2026 / 3:00PM GMT

OVERVIEW: Company Summary LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Francesca DeMartino Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer, Senior Vice President Albert Bourla Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Chris Boshoff Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development David Denton Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Aamir Malik Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Alexandre De Germay Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Christopher Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Vamil Divan Guggenheim Securities LLC - Equity Analyst Steve Scala Cowen and Company LLC - Analyst Geoffrey Meacham Citibank Cameroon SA (Douala Branch) - Analyst Terence Flynn Morgan Stanley - Analyst Akash Tewari Jefferies LLC - Analyst Asad Haider Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst Courtney Breen Sanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Equity Analyst Umer Raffat Evercore Inc - Equity Analyst Jason Gerberry Bofa Merrill Lynch Asset Holdings Inc - Analyst Michael Yee UBS AG - Analyst Alexandria Hammond Wolfe Research LLC - Equity Analyst Mohit Bansal Wells Fargo Securities LLC - Analyst Evan Seigerman Bank of Montreal - Analyst David Risinger Leerink Partners LLC - Analyst Louise Chen Scotiabank GBM - Analyst PRESENTATION Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to Pfizer's fourth-quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer and Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am. Francesca DeMartino - Pfizer Inc - Chief Investor Relations Officer, Senior Vice President Good morning, and welcome to Pfizer's earnings call. I'm Francesca DeMartino, Chief Investor Relations Officer. On behalf of the Pfizer team, thank you for joining us. This call is being made available via audio webcast at pfizer.com. Earlier this morning, we released our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2025 via a press release that is available on our website at pfizer.com. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

I'm joined today by Dr. Albert Bourla, our Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Chris Boshoff, our Scientific Officer -- Chief Scientific Officer; and Dave Denton, our CFO. Albert, Chris and Dave have some prepared remarks, and we will then open the call for questions. Members of our leadership team will be available for the Q&A session. Before we get started, I want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements and discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. I encourage you to read the disclaimers in our slide presentation, the press release we issued this morning and the disclosures in our SEC filings, which are all available on the IR website on pfizer.com. Forward-looking statements on the call are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties speak only as of the call's original date and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Albert. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Francesca. So 2025 was a very good year for Pfizer. I'm very pleased with strong execution to deliver and, frankly, over deliver on our financial commitments. We exceeded expectations for revenues and Adjusted diluted EPS while also returning $9.8 billion to shareholders via our quarterly dividend. We grew overall operational revenue for full year 2025 when excluding COVID-19 products, achieved solid double-digit growth in recently launched and acquired products and expanded Adjusted gross margins. Strategic actions in 2025 helped us resolve significant uncertainty, including achieving greater clarity on pricing and tariffs and demonstrating the underlying resilience of our business to deliver EPS despite the lowest ever COVID-19 season. We achieved 4 key approvals, 8 critical readouts and initiated 11 pivotal studies. And our Metsera, YaoPharma and 3SBio deals help strengthen our robust pipeline. Overall, 2025 reinforced how well Pfizer can execute. We strengthened a foundation, positioning us for growth towards the end of the decade, continued impact for patient and long-term shareholder value. We have once again defined strategic priorities for the year ahead, which we presented at JPMorgan. 2026 is an important year in a pivotal investment period as we strive for industry-leading growth after several key products lose patent for regulatory exclusivity in the next few years. Seagen, Metsera and Biohaven are the most significant strategic acquisitions in recent years. They have transformative potential for Pfizer, and we are focused on maximizing the value of in-line product portfolios and accelerating pipeline development. We made continued progress last year, integrating legacy Seagen products into our commercial portfolio. I'm also pleased with notable advances in our development programs, including a recent FDA approval for PADCEV in combination with pembro for patients with muscle-invasive bladder cancer who are ineligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. We are encouraged by the opportunity to build on this with an expected regulatory decision for patients with cisplatin-eligible MIBC. If successful we will substantially expand the US addressable population with up to approximately 22,500 additional patients across both cis-eligible and cis-ineligible muscle invasive bladder cancer, up from about 19,000 patients in metastatic urothelial cancer. We have a clear strategy aiming for Pfizer leadership in the next generation of therapies for chronic weight management with a highly differentiated Metsera pipeline portfolio, our YaoPharma exclusive global collaboration and licensing agreement and other Pfizer programs such as our oral GIPR antagonist candidate. Since closing our Biohaven acquisition a few years ago, we have globally scaled a leading migraine portfolio. It strengthened our product mix to drive significant impact both for patients and our commercial performance. Nurtec has a strong market leadership position in the oral CGRP class in 2025. In Q4, we captured 83% of new CGRP writer volume and remain the leader in new patient starts. I expect 2026 to be also a very rich year for key catalysts and we intend to deliver on our critical R&D milestones. This year, we anticipate progress with approximately 20 recently initiated and planned key pivotal studies, with 10 of them in the Metsera portfolio; and 4, with our anti-PD-1xVEGF bispecific. Among 8 expected key readouts, we anticipate, 1, for SV, our novel potential first in-class integrin beta 6-targeting LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

vedotin ADC. The readout will be in second line plus non-squamous metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, which affects about 50,000 patients in the US and more than 200,000 patients globally. We are also expecting key Phase 3 readouts for ELREXFIO in double class exposed relapsed-refractory multiple myeloma and for our Lyme disease vaccine candidate. The foundation of our strategy in obesity and adjacent condition is targeting breakthrough medicines in what could be a $150 billion market. Earlier today, we announced encouraging results from our VESPER-3 study, which previously was known as Metsera-097i, the ultra-long acting investigational next-generation injectable GLP-1 receptor agonist. In a few moments, Chris Boshoff, our Chief Scientific Officer will walk through additional details and our plans for advancing our obesity portfolio this year. Oncology is another source of strength, and I'm excited by opportunities for significant progress in 2026, that was built on our established presence in breast, in genitourinary, in thoracic and gastrointestinal cancer and of course, blood cancer. In addition to promising programs, such as the SV, our Oncology team is moving quickly with a robust program for '4404, the bispecific antibody licensed last year from 3SBio. We have seven near-term plans or recently started trials for '4404, including two large global Phase 3 studies, anchoring our efforts to establish this investigational medicine as a potential backbone therapy across multiple tumor types. We're also pleased that the FDA has granted HYMPAVZI breakthrough therapy designation for investigation in younger pediatric patients aged 6 to 11 in hemophilia B with or without inhibitors. That's an important innovative medicine today, and we are investigating the full potential of HYMPAVZI to support more patients living with hemophilia. Our third strategic priority is investing to maximize post-2028 growth. We are committed to fully supporting a robust and accelerated approach to R&D, the successful commercial launch of new products and bolt-on business development while maintaining our robust dividend. And finally, we are scaling artificial intelligence across R&D, manufacturing, commercial and patient engagement to improve productivity and accelerate innovation. We have been setting the foundation with AI-ready data, agentic workflows and compute capacity. To meet the growing AI demand over the next two years, we are expanding to more than 1,200 GPUs, largely driven by R&D application of AI. In R&D, we are embedding AI across discovery, development, regulatory and medical to increase productivity and accelerate the pipeline and timelines. AI is optimizing supply planning and manufacturing, contributing to our manufacturing optimization program goals. In commercial, AI is helping to accelerate new product launches delivering insights for dynamic targeting and supporting personalized messaging and real-time marketing content. So with that and after I described the four priorities, which describe the full picture of what we plan to do in 2026, I will turn it over to Chris to discuss for the news of the day, which are the Metsera long-acting announcement of VESPER-3. Chris? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you, Albert. It is my pleasure to discuss the VESPER-3 study results today and provide more color to our press release this morning. These data are an important advancement in our obesity portfolio because they increased significantly our confidence in the Phase 3 monthly dosing study that we expect to start later this year. To start, I'd like to review how the structure of PF'3944 drives its long half-life. Prior GLP-1 receptor agonists that rely on albumin binding to extend half-life require dissociation from the albumin protein for optimal receptor engagement, '3944 binds the GLP-1 receptor while still bound to albumin due to lipidation of the terminal end of the amino acid chain rather than in the middle. This allows for reduced clearance without reduced receptor engagement resulting in a half-life exceeding other agents that require albumin dissociation for binding. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

A key differentiator of '3944 is this extended half-life, which supports monthly dosing. Furthermore, given '3944 length of 41 amino acids, the molecule is considered a biologic and would be eligible for regulatory review by the BLA pathway. The right side of the slide shows previously reported data from the Phase 2b VESPER-1 study, evaluating '3944 dosed weekly and without titration. These data show dose-dependent placebo-adjusted weight loss of up to 14.1% at week 28, demonstrating the molecule's potential to deliver efficacy that is competitive with the standard of care and potentially best in class among mono agonists. In our currently ongoing weekly Phase 3 study of '3944 VESPER-4, we are also testing a higher dose of 2.4 milligrams weekly. With VESPER-3, we aim to achieve two key objectives: first, to demonstrate that we could achieve continued weight loss when switching from weekly to monthly subcutaneous injections and maintain '3944 efficacy while reducing the dosing frequency four-fold. And second, to demonstrate that '3944 could switch to a four-fold equivalent monthly dose while maintaining a well-tolerated and favorable safety profile. Today, I will walk you through these data, which demonstrate we've successfully achieved both. The VESPER-3 Phase 2b study was designed to evaluate '3944 with monthly maintenance dosing following a titration period of up to 12 weeks. This study compares 4 different dosing regimens versus placebo with a prespecified interim tolerability analysis at week 12 and a primary reporting milestone at week 28. Arm 1 and Arm 3 are low and medium dose regimens that we plan to advance to Phase 3, and these two study arms are the focus of the data we are sharing today. Starting with our first objective. I'm pleased to share that we observed robust statistically significant weight loss across all doses tested. At week 28, placebo-adjusted weight loss was 10% and 12.3% for our planned low and medium Phase 3 doses, respectively. These results are shown in the blue bars and represent the trial's efficacy estimate. In the teal bars are our model predictions of the potential efficacy we would expect with monthly maintenance dosing of '3944 in the study of adults with obesity or overweight and without Type 2 diabetes, similar to VESPER-3. A model-based meta-analysis approach was used to generate these predictions. This approach uses a mathematical model to capture the weight loss trajectory over time and the dose response relationship. This model was built, taking into account the observed data from the VESPER-3 trial, the available data from other '3944 clinical studies and data from published trials of other weight loss. For the low and medium dose regimens, we see excellent concordance between our VESPER-3 clinical data in blue and our model predictions in teal, applying the same model to project the potential efficacy of the planned Phase 3 high-dose regimen of 9.6 milligrams monthly, we predict placebo-adjusted weight loss of nearly 16% at week 28. Note the high dose is already being studied in the VESPER-4 Phase 3 study as a 2.4-milligram weekly dose. Collectively, our clinical data model predictions show that '3944 can deliver robust weight loss after switching to monthly administration and suggest that we can potentially achieve increased efficacy with a higher dose. Moreover, VESPER-3 data do not show a weight-loss plateau reached at week 28, projecting continued weight loss is expected as the study continues through week 64. With these results, we are confident that '3944 has the potential to deliver efficacy that is competitive with the standard of care and potentially best-in-class among monoagonists with a differentiated monthly dosing format. Next, I'll turn your attention to the second objective of VESPER-3 demonstrating a well-tolerated and favorable safety profile for '3944 when switching to a four-fold equivalent monthly dose. Similar to our first objective, I'm pleased to report that here too '3944 delivered. In VESPER-3 '3944 has displayed a well-tolerated and favorable safety profile that is consistent with what has been observed with weekly GLP-1 receptor agonists, observed gastrointestinal treatment-emergent adverse events were predominantly mild or moderate with no more than one instance of severe nausea or vomiting in any dose group, and no instances of severe diarrhea. Treatment discontinuation rates for VESPER-3 weekly and monthly phases both show a compelling profile. Across the dose regimens planned for inclusion in Phase 3, five participants discontinued due to adverse events in each of the weekly and monthly phases. There were no discontinuations due to adverse events in the placebo group. We're encouraged by these results as they serve as an important LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

proof of concept for the delivery of our four-fold equivalent monthly dose that maintains competitive tolerability, particularly given the study protocol did not limit down titration. The totality of tolerability data support our plans to evaluate a higher monthly dose of 9.6 milligrams in Phase 3, which is the monthly equivalent to the 2.4 milligram weekly dose currently being studied in the ongoing VESPER-4 trial. Today's encouraging results bolster our expansive obesity program. This year, we plan to advance 20-plus obesity trials, including 10 Phase 3 studies of '3944 that span chronic weight management, obesity associated comorbidities and opportunities to increase patient optionality and access. We are targeting the first of a series of potential approvals in 2028. Looking to our early-stage programs, we are enthusiastic about Phase 2 studies with our ultra long-acting amylin analog which we believe has the potential for class-leading efficacy and combinability with '3944 in a monthly dosing format. We previously reported positive early data from the single ascending dose combination study, which showed well-tolerated starting doses and additive weight loss. We plan to show updated combination data later this year. We continue to advance our potentially first-in-class oral GIPR antagonist that is in Phase 2 and additional Phase 1 studies of agents with diverse modalities and mechanisms. These include an injectable ultra-long-acting GIPR agonist a potential quarterly dose injectable GLP-1 receptor agonist and oral candidates. To summarize, today's results are clear. VESPER-3 achieved its two main objectives: reinforcing '3944 potential potent and tolerable monthly profile. The ultra-long acting GLP-1 receptor agonist serves as a foundation to our differentiated investigational obesity portfolio, delivering robust weight loss with no plateau served at week 28 in VESPER-3, while also maintaining competitive tolerability when switching to a four-fold equivalent monthly dose. We are primed to execute across an expansive Phase 3 program of '3944, targeting potential approval starting in 2028. And we are pursuing differentiated combination approaches with earlier-stage agents that have the potential to deliver greater optionality to address the diverse unmet needs of patients. With that, I'll turn it back to Albert. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. And I just wanted to say that today's results provide a compelling validation of our unique proprietary ultra long-acting peptide platform. For the first time, we have shown that the GLP-1 receptor agonist peptides can be administered monthly while maintaining the potential for competitive efficacy and safety. We are pleased with this important milestone for the platform that reinforces both the differentiation of our technology and the significant long-term value creation opportunity that represents. And with that now, I will turn it over to Dave that he will discuss the excellent results of the quarter. So Dave? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Great. Thank you, Chris and Albert, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin today by highlighting that our strong financial performance for both the fourth quarter and the full year directly reflects our continued disciplined execution of our key strategic priorities. We resolved certain and significant uncertainties in our business and made strategic investments aimed at driving revenue growth later this decade and beyond. Looking ahead, Pfizer is approaching an exciting phase, where recently launched and acquired products and a strong pipeline are anticipated to spur growth towards the end of this decade. With that said, this morning, I'll provide our full year and fourth quarter -- full year and fourth quarter 2025 results, then I'll touch on our cost improvement initiatives as well as our capital allocation priorities. I'll finish with a few comments on our '26 guidance, which we are reaffirming today. For the full year 2025, we recorded revenues of $62.6 billion versus $63.6 billion last year representing a 2% operational decline. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Importantly, our operational revenue growth when excluding contributions from our COVID-19 projects was 6%. Full year 2025 Adjusted gross margins expanded to 76%, in line with our expectations. We will continue to drive cost improvements going forward across our manufacturing network. And on the bottom line, we reported full year 2025 diluted EPS of $1.36, versus $1.41 last year and Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.22 versus $3.11 LY, ahead of expectations. Pfizer's recently launched and acquired set of products delivered $10.2 billion in revenues for the full year of '25 while growing approximately 14% operationally versus last year. We plan to continue to invest behind these two product groups to drive their future performance to enable the company to partially offset our LOEs over the next several years. Now turning to the fourth quarter of '25, we recorded revenues of $17.6 billion, a decrease of 3% operationally versus the same period of LY largely driven by an approximate 40% operational year-over-year decline in our COVID products. The decline was primarily due to Comirnaty receiving a narrow recommendation for vaccines in the US and Paxlovid, which experienced reduced demand from lower infection rates. Having said that, our non-COVID product performance was solid, growing 9% operationally versus the same period of last year. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of our refined commercial strategy. We saw solid contributions across our product portfolio, primarily driven by ABRYSVO, ELIQUIS, Prevnar and the Vyndaqel family. Adjusted gross margin for the fourth quarter was approximately 71%, primarily reflecting the product mix in the quarter, including lower commodity sales versus fourth quarter of '24 as well as continued strong cost management. Future improvements in our manufacturing footprint remained a top priority going forward. As a reminder, over the past two years, our Adjusted gross margins have generally remained in the mid- to upper 70s. Excluding Comirnaty, which has a 50-50 profit split with our partner, BioNTech, we achieved approximately $600 million in savings from Phase 1 of our manufacturing optimization program through 2025 and with additional savings expected in '26 and '27. Total Adjusted operating expenses were $7.4 billion for the fourth quarter of '25, in line with last year. But looking at the components, adjusted SI&A expenses decreased 5% operationally, primarily driven by focused investments and ongoing productivity improvements that drove a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending in corporate-enabling functions. Adjusted R&D expense increased 4% operationally, primarily driven by the increase in spending in oncology and obesity product candidates, partially offset by a net decrease in spending due to pipeline focus and optimization, including the expansion of our digital capabilities. Now turning to the bottom line. In the fourth quarter, our reported diluted GAAP performance was a loss per share of $0.29. Our Adjusted diluted earnings per share performance was a profit of $0.66, ahead of our expectations due to our overall gross margin and cost management performance. In support of our goal to enhance R&D productivity and focus on high-impact medicines, our fourth quarter GAAP results reflect strategic decisions in our development plans and updated long-range revenue forecast for certain products and pipeline assets. As a result, we recorded approximately $4.4 billion of non-cash intangible asset impairments related to several medicines in development as well as in-line products. It is important to note that one of the asset indications we deprioritized was disitamab vedotin in bladder cancer is largely the result of the recently strong study readouts, expanded indications and related higher long-term revenue projections for PADCEV. PADCEV is an asset we will continue to invest behind and thus diminishing the value of DV in bladder cancer. I will also mention, while impairment decisions are based on current valuations of individual assets, overall, the Seagen portfolio is progressing ahead of our expectations. These decisions highlight our focus on delivering future growth as well as innovation. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We are on track to deliver the majority of the anticipated $7.2 billion in total net cost savings from our productivity programs by the end of 2026. We expect additional savings of $700 million in '26 and $200 million in '27 from Phase 1 of the Manufacturing Optimization Program for a total of $1.5 billion in savings by the end of '27. In addition, we exceeded our savings targets through '25 from our cost realignment program and as previously communicated, the R&D savings achieved in '25 under the cost realignment program is expected to be reinvested in '26 and is reflected in our '26 R&D guidance range. We remain committed to achieving the expected $5.7 billion of total net savings from our cost realignment program by the end of '26, at which time we will have met our savings commitment under the program. Going forward, we will continue to focus on identifying further productivity opportunities and efficiencies. Now let me quickly touch upon our capital allocation strategy, which is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value. Our strategy consists of maintaining and over the long term, growing our dividend, reinvesting in our business at the appropriate level of financial return and in the future, the potential to make value-enhancing share repurchases. And in '25, we returned $9.8 billion to shareholders via the quarterly dividend, invested $10.4 billion in internal R&D, invested approximately $8.8 billion in business development transactions, primarily reflecting the Metsera acquisition and the 3SBio licensing deal. And as a reminder, our leverage is expected to end 2025 at near a 2.7 times target following the close of the Metsera transaction. However, given the next few years of LOE headwinds, we expect the leverage to remain at this current level or slightly higher through the LOE period. Additionally, the planned sale of our stake in ViiV will further improve our balance sheet. When including the ViiV proceeds, we have approximately $7 billion in BD capacity. Now let me turn quickly to our full year '26 guidance, again, which remains unchanged. We expect total company full year '26 revenues to be in the range of $59.5 billion to $62.5 billion and full year '26 Adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.80 to $3 a share, which reflects our expectations of strong contributions across our product portfolio, mid-70s Adjusted gross margin, continued focus on strong cost management, all while prioritizing investments in our business to drive growth by the end of this decade. Our COVID products are expected to trend lower again in '26 with revenues of approximately $5 billion. We continue to expect stable revenue contributions from our non-COVID product portfolio, which incorporates an expectation of approximately $1.5 billion in revenue compression due to products impacted by anticipated generic entry in '26. Revenues at the midpoint, excluding COVID and LOE products are expected to grow approximately 4% operationally year-over-year. And lastly, I will mention that we will continue to monitor currency fluctuation as the year progresses. In closing, let me continue to emphasize that over the next few years, our focus is on investing in key assets and managing upcoming LOEs, mainly from 2026 to 2028. At the end of the decade, growth is expected to be driven by our advancing R&D pipeline, the business development initiatives we've already executed and the ongoing progress of products we've recently launched or acquired. Our goal is to invest strategically balancing cost savings with funding high-value products designed to ensure long-term and sustainable growth potential for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back to Albert and begin the Q&A. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, David, and congratulations for an excellent quarter. Now operator, please assemble the queue. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS (Operator Instructions) Chris Schott, JPMorgan. Christopher Schott - JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Great. Thanks so much for the question. Just had maybe a two-parter on the VESPER-3 data. I guess, first, can you just elaborate any more on the tolerability you saw here? And maybe just specifically, is there anything more you can say about vomit rates or any differences you saw between the mild or moderate dosing arms? And then just maybe bigger picture, if we consider the two doses that are moving forward from VESPER-3, it seems like you have a drug that clearly had solid weight loss. It's got monthly dosing. At the same time, that weight loss might be a bit below what you saw in the weekly or Zepbound. I just wanted to get your views on what role you see that type of profile playing in the market. Thanks so much. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Excellent. And of course, I will start with Chris, which I suspect will be the one who will receive most of the questions today, and I love it. So -- and then maybe we'll ask of course the commercial guys to speak a little bit about it. So Chris, why don't you start? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Yeah. Thanks for the question. So obviously, we will share the full tolerability data at our oral presentation at ADA in June. We are really encouraged by the observed distribution of AEs across weekly and monthly. And you could have expected potentially that when patients switch to a four-fold higher dose, we're going to have a higher number of sudden discontinuations and nausea and vomiting, we did not, nicely distribution between the monthly as well as the weekly. Just to remember for this study, there was no step-down titration was allowed, which is unusual for obesity trials. But that will obviously not happen in the Phase 3 study, we will allow down-titration. Regarding the different doses, as we pointed out, low and medium was presented today. The higher dose is already being tested in VESPER-4 because previous prediction models indicated that it will be well tolerated and we should test 2.4 milligrams weekly, which is happening now. And in the monthly study we'll test 9.6 milligrams as pointed out. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer All right. Why don't we go -- Aamir, how do you see this play in commercial and then Alexandre? Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President I think when you look at the clinical data, I think what it suggest to us, clearly, is that '3944 from an efficacy perspective has the potential to deliver efficacy that's competitive with the standard of care and potentially best-in-class against [monotherapy] So we think when you take that efficacy and then you combine it with a lower medication burden through a monthly dose, that's a value proposition that's going to resonate with patients, with providers and with payers because persistency and simplicity matter. And it also gives us the opportunity to switch patients from weekly onto monthly therapy. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

So we think '3944 is going to be a compelling therapy full stop. And then you add to that the opportunity that exists from the other assets that we have in our portfolio with our commercial capabilities to execute in US and international, and I think it gives us a lot of confidence around the commercial potential. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. Thank you, Aamir. The surprise, I think, so far with this market, it is how well it is performing outside the US. So Alexandre, what's your take? Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President That's right. Just -- what's really interesting in this category is actually the size of the market, ex-US is projected to be $150 billion and 40% of that is actually ex-US. There are two things that are really interesting in this category that are unique and that reinforce the potential of these assets. First, is the out-of-pocket category. Because in most countries, when we introduced innovation, we have to go through reimbursement negotiation and often translate into price reduction in this category. We see that there are high willingness to pay out of pocket across all mature markets, either be in Europe or in Australia or Canada, and we see price point being across 250 to 350 which is higher than what we had expected. And when we look at the latest release from our competitors in this category, we see that there is higher willingness to pay from all those geographies, including actually also emerging markets where we also see high prevalence. The second is the time to market because it's going to be mostly an out-of-pocket category, the time after approval at the EMEA will be instant and where we will be able to actually commercialize those products. So that will drive also rapid penetration in the market. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Alexandre. Next question, please. Operator Vamil Divan, Guggenheim Securities. Vamil Divan - Guggenheim Securities LLC - Equity Analyst Thanks for taking the questions. So just maybe building off this, Chris, you just talked a little bit about this in a prior question around down titration in Phase 3. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on that kind of how you are designing your Phase 3s and allowing for flexibility of the patient maybe you're dealing with any sort of side effects and maybe that improves overall the profile you see from Phase 2? And then my other question is actually is beyond VESPER-3. You mentioned this at ADA. I'm curious what other data we may get from either your internal programs or from the Metsera portfolio at ADA vis-a-vis your internal GIPR. Do you expect to provide that Phase 2 data there? Thank you. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you very much for the question. Just a reminder again for the VESPER-3 data we presented today is only two step-up doses. You used to four, five step-up doses to get to the desired dose in this study, there's only two step-up doses. So the Phase 3 design for VESPER-6 LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

will test different titrations as well as, as we pointed out, the additional dose of 9.6 milligrams which is currently being tested in VESPER-4 as 2.4 milligrams weekly. Regarding the next -- the rest of the portfolio, we're obviously excited about the platform in general. It's a very differentiated platform. As you know, we previously presented data for the ultra-long-acting amylin '3945 also called MET-233, where the observed additive weight loss when combining '3944 and '3945 was 5% at day 8 and single agent ultra-long amylin previous data showed at day 36, 8.4% placebo-adjusted weight loss. So we should share later this year, including ADA, updated date on amylin and potential early data for the combination of the amylin plus '3944. We also, as you know, in our portfolio, excited about the rest of the Phase 2 programs, which including a first in -- potential first-in-class GIPR antagonist oral that was discovered, conceptualized internally, that's currently in the randomized Phase 2 experience and also the more broader Phase 1 program of peptides, including an ultra-long GLP-1 that's potentially monthly quarterly, that's currently in Phase 1 as well as our additional oral portfolio, including the oral GLP-1 recently acquired from YaoPharma. Operator Steve Scala, TD Cowen. Steve Scala - Cowen and Company LLC - Analyst Thank you so much. In the VESPER-3 data, did the placebo arm gain weight or lose weight? And the second question is not on obesity, but Pfizer has been quite adamant about no life beyond December '28 for Vyndaqel. Should we completely rule out any sort of strategy whatsoever such as settlement with generic companies on patents Pfizer holds? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Steve. Let me take the Vyndaqel because I have been asked multiple times. Right now, we are assuming that the patent will be lost at the end of 2028. And I don't have any other comments to make on that. These are very sensitive topics. So I'm moving to Chris now to talk about the placebo arm of what was the weight lost there. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Again, the full data will present at ADA, but in this case, as VESPER-3, actually, the placebo arm was very stable, not really up or down, but you'll see the data at ADA. Operator Geoff Meacham, Citibank. Geoffrey Meacham - Citibank Cameroon SA (Douala Branch) - Analyst Hey, guys. Morning and congrats on the data today, again, a few on the new data today. So when you look at the PK/PD, are you guys set with monthly being the longest dosing interval to preserve efficacy? Or is it potentially -- is it feasible to extend to every two-month dosing? LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And then on your Phase 3 plans, is it your sense these are likely to be the standard type of metabolic studies that we'd expect to do? Or would you pursue any maybe inflammation or neuropsych indications? Or would you pursue GLP-1 active comparator studies? Just trying to think of how you could separate yourself in a broad Phase 3 program. Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. Thank you, Geoff. So Chris, monthly or more and then additional studies. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development So thank you for the question. So '3944 is, as we demonstrated the first peptide that can be administered monthly. And potentially, yes, we can go longer, but for '3944, our aim is as a monthly maintenance therapy. As I mentioned, we do have another molecule, a peptide currently in Phase 1, which has a prodrug propeptide with a potential for three monthly administrations. That's currently in Phase 1, and we should, in the next couple of months, get additional PK/PD data from that molecule, which will be a potential opportunity to go to three monthly. The second question, the initial Phase 3 programs VESPER-4, VESPER-5 and VESPER-6. VESPER-4 is the one in patients without Type 2 diabetes that's currently ongoing with weekly testing, including the high dose of 2.4 milligram weekly, VESPER-5 in patients with Type 2 diabetes and VESPER-6, the study that will include monthly dosing. Beyond that, we plan to start seven studies. We haven't showed or revealed what these studies are going to be. But you're absolutely correct that beyond cardiovascular metabolic, we are looking at other opportunities to differentiate and also to differentiate with our combinations, for instance with Amylin or with the GIPR currently in Phase 1. Operator Terence Flynn, Morgan Stanley. Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley - Analyst Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two also for me on the VESPER-3 data. I know you want to hold a lot of data until ADA, but just was wondering if you can provide any high-level details on the baseline characteristics, so either BMI or gender mix. I know sometimes those can vary across studies. And then on the tolerability side, again, one question when you have longer dosing intervals is the duration of GI side effects. And so any qualitative commentary there, if that's longer than one or two days. Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thanks. Chris, again, that goes to you. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Okay. Just to start with the demographics. The study was conducted in the US only. And I think, as you know, there are differences, especially in AE and tolerability, discontinuations between US-only patient populations. So that's one. The rest of the detailed demographics will be presented at ADA, but it's as expected from a small US-based Phase 2 study. The next question was? LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

What was the next question? Tolerability? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development On tolerability. As we said it before, we are encouraged by the overall tolerability. It is similar to what you expect for GLP-1 class, but Specifically, we can move to monthly with a distribution of AEs across weekend monthly. That didn't give us alarm that's switching to monthly, suddenly, there's a cluster of discontinuations or significant AEs. As I pointed out earlier as well, there's no -- there's only one severe nausea, one severe vomiting across the whole program, no severe diarrhea. So overall, we're very encouraged by the safety profile. And again, ADA will share the whole AE profile. Operator Akash Tewari, Jefferies. Akash Tewari - Jefferies LLC - Analyst Hey. Thanks so much. So the data in second-line plus NSCLC has been pretty underwhelming so far versus docetaxel. Is your team confident that you can deliver a superior profile with your upcoming Phase 3 with B6A. Or are you going to need to enrich in B6A high-expressing patients. Can you help frame expectations for this readout? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Chris? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development So you're referring to sigvotatug vedotin, yes? Akash Tewari - Jefferies LLC - Analyst Yeah. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Correct. Okay. So this is a second-line study, I should point out against docetaxel, the Phase 3 study, there's also additional Phase 3 study ongoing, just a reminder, which is first line, which is sigvotatug vedotin plus pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab in the TPS high PD-L1 high population. In the single agent activity we've seen was the response rate was over 30% with a median overall survival in the Phase 1 study, which approached 16.3 months. So overall, we're encouraged by the data with the combination study with SV plus pembrolizumab. We saw overall response at 57% with disease control rate of over 90%. So we are confident in the two studies. I agree with you that the second-line study against docetaxel, none of the ADCs have really showed a benefit over docetaxel, but everything we've seen so far, so gives us confidence in the trial. That will be the first study to read out. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And the second study to read out will be the one with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab. It's an even-driven study. Events are slower than we expected. So that could mean either ARM are performing better, but we should update you on the study results in the coming months -- first half of this year. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Excellent, Chris. So the next question, please. Operator Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs. Asad Haider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst Great, and thanks for all the detail on the clinical catalysts. Maybe just one on portfolio realignment, Albert, with respect to just this recent divestment of your stake in the HIV joint venture with Glaxo. Just broadly, what innings are we in, in terms of just portfolio pruning or realignment, noting that you've also recently announced a new reorganization incorporating your global Hospital and biosimilars business? Thanks. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer I think Chris can also comment on that, but let me given that you address the question to me. I think we have done most of our pruning of our pipeline right now. So the things that we are continuing right now at large are things that we believe they are the ones to invest and we keep investing very, very few exceptions of things that were already there and we had some issues to discontinue or to divest. So I think -from that aspect, I think we are doing very well. Chris, anything to add there? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Yeah, we're focusing just on the four therapeutic areas, and we're doing 2025 significant prioritization and focus the program. And as you know, identified up to $500 million savings in R&D, which is now reinvested in Phase 3 programs. And this year, as Albert pointed out, we plan to start approximately 20 Phase 3 programs driving the portfolio. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer And maybe -- Dave also can add a little bit color on that. But I just wanted to say that when you speak about creating synergies or creating cost savings in R&D that we reinvest, we don't mean going forward with discontinuation of program, actually, with increase of programs. It's going to be by deploying AI, which already happened in 2025 with excellent results that creates significant productivity gains. This is where we are reducing the cost of R&D. And we all reinvested to more programs that, as you see, we are starting 20 pivotal studies in '26. Dave? David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah, I just would just add on to that. As we look at our in-line portfolio of products, we always continue to look to see how we can maximize the value. ViiV is just a good example of a non-strategic asset for us, monetizing that in such a way that we can redeploy that capital at higher returns in the future. As you pointed out, we did create a sterile injectable and biosimilar set of products, of which we're focused on driving productivity across that set of product portfolio. And we will continue to do that as we think about our product portfolio going forward. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Courtney Breen, Bernstein. Courtney Breen - Sanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Equity Analyst Thanks so much for the question today. Just perhaps building on the conversation that was just taking place. As you talk about the 20-plus pivotal studies that are starting this year, we're seeing kind of a midpoint $11 billion guide for R&D in '26. How do we think about '27 as you study start to annualize? And then kind of combining that with the element that you just raised out a bit of the AI investment, the 1,200 GPU deployment that you're making kind of when and where will we begin to see impact from that strategy? And will that impact anything in the operations of R&D of the pivotal trials? Or should we be thinking more about innovation on the research side over the long run? Thank you so much. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Courtney, that's a very good question. As you can understand, we don't give guidance for 2027. But I will ask Dave to give some color. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. I guess contextually, if you just think about R&D, as we cycled from '25 into '26, with the business development transactions that we've done, we've actually increased the burden and the load of work that needs to be done within our R&D infrastructure. At the same time, we're investing about $11 billion in R&D. So we are being able to be more productive in the infrastructure across R&D and take on more substrate to be able to focus on creating medicines for the end of the decade and beyond. So I think what we're trying to do is continue to refresh improve the productivity across our R&D platform to invest those dollars back into R&D to continue to forward advance the programs that we have underway and the programs that we're developing. As you know, 2026 is a big start year for us from a science perspective. We will continue to focus on those investments going forward. Operator Umer Raffat, Evercore ISI. Umer Raffat - Evercore Inc - Equity Analyst Hi, guys. Two quick ones, if I may. First, on the GLP monotherapy. Could you remind us if the 9.6 milligram monthly dose was the reaction to the data today? Or is that already being contemplated? And then secondly, on the emerging tolerability data for your GLP amylin combo, how are you feeling on that? And do you think you can fit the GLP plus amylin in a single pill? Thank you. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Okay. Thank you, Umer. So on the first question, a reminder that the 2.4 milligrams is already being tested as a weekly regimen as a high dose in VESPER-4, and that decision was made based on the modeling based meta-analysis. And as we showed today, our modeling predicts very well between what we actually observed and by the modeling predicted for 3.2 milligrams and 4.8 milligrams. So we have confidence in the modeling also for 9.6 milligrams or the 2.4 milligrams LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

And which basically what you say is that the 9.6 milligrams, it is the 2.4 milligrams. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Correct. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 4 times weekly, it is 9.6 milligrams monthly. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Correct, yes. Any other -- what was the second part? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Combination. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development So just a reminder that the combination is monthly, it's amylin plus GLP-1 ultra-long monthly subcutaneous. So it's not pill. We do have an oral portfolio, and we do have some other oral medicines discovered internally, which we've not revealed yet, but currently, our oral medicines, GLP-1 and GIPR, not the amylin as oral. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer And how do you feel about this day? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development And we'll show data for the amylin plus GLP-1 monthly data for the ultra long-acting monthly data at ADA. The earlier data we've shown reminder of the combination of '3944 plus '3945 was 5% at day 8. That was early data that was shown and we'll update those data later this year. Operator Jason Gerberry, Bank of America. Jason Gerberry - Bofa Merrill Lynch Asset Holdings Inc - Analyst Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I apologize for the background noise. But just based on today's VESPER-3 update, just kind of curious how you're thinking about the value add of the GLP-1 amylin injectable combination relative to the monotherapy? And are you really looking to kind of compete in that ultra-high efficacy tier with agents like Lilly's triple G? Or is the value-add potentially more LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

in GLP-1 non-responders? Just sort of curious because it seems like what you have with the monotherapy approach to make you competitive with Zepbound and MariTide? So just sort of curious how you think about the combo and where that fits. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Why don't I ask Chris to give a little bit of science behind this combination and then I will ask Aamir and Alexandre to comment on how that can be marketed. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Yes, we will have optionality because we are developing in Phase 3 both the single agent '3944 as well as the combination '3944 plus '3945. Everything we've seen thus far suggests us to us, to your point, that we should get increased efficacy for the combination. And that's why we hope to update data later this year, start the Phase 2 study this year and then next year start the Phase 3 study for the combination. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer And then, Aamir, how do you see this playing as portfolio Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah, Jason. So I think the quick answer would be, look, I think we're in the very early innings of a large market where there is still significant unmet need, right? There's more convenient dosing that's needed, higher weight loss for certain BMI patients, GI tolerabilities need to improve, maintenance strategies, friction in the patient journey. So our belief is that there's not going to be one single asset that serves all those patients. People are going to have different starting points hold preferences on their dosing and route of administration comorbidities, their willingness to pay. And what you need to win in a market like that is, one, you need a great portfolio of products that can serve all those patients and two, you need really differentiated capabilities. And I think with Chris describing not only our data today, but some of the other things that we have in our portfolio, we have the first piece in place and emerging. And we feel very confident about our commercial capabilities, whether it's our field forces that are the top ranked in the US and already are seeing the majority of GLP-1 prescribers or the digital platforms that we're building like Pfizer For All that have touched over 25 million patients. So when you put that all together, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to win commercially in this market with these assets. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you. And Alexandre, any additional? Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President No. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. Let's go to the next question, please. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Michael Yee, UBS. Michael Yee - UBS AG - Analyst Thank you. Two questions, one for Chris and one for Dave. On the oral GLP-1 that you guys recently in-licensed, can you just remind us how much information you knew or what data you already had? I believe there's already a large Phase 1 going. So that should add some comfort there but tell us about what you knew already on that molecule. And then for Dave, you reiterated $7 billion of capacity. Can you just talk about the ability to do more in the context of the recent dividend pause or at least dividend growth pause recently given that, that does not happen very often and how you think about your dividend. Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. Let me start with Dave at this time and then we go to Chris. David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. So clearly, our focus is maintaining our dividend at the moment and growing our dividend over time. So it's a very important and critical structure and component of our capital allocation program. And again, we do have -- coming into this year, we had $6 billion in BD capacity. It's actually gone up a bit as we've announced the pending liquidation of the ViiV asset. So that actually is a good example of how we're looking at the set of assets that we have within Pfizer and understanding how we can best monetize them over time. So with that, I'll turn it over to Chris. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you very much. 5002 is the YaoPharma oral small molecule, which is not done at Lupron Scaffold. It's currently in Phase 1, and we've acquired it through an exclusive global collaboration and license agreement with YaoPharma. And we plan to conduct Phase 1 studies and also combination studies with our GIPR antagonist that's currently in the randomized experience in Phase 2. And we're currently transitioning all the work to the US to start Phase 1 studies in the US, including manufacturing in the year. Operator Alex Hammond, Wolfe Research. Alexandria Hammond - Wolfe Research LLC - Equity Analyst Thanks for taking the question. So one of the key readouts guided for '26 is that Lyme disease vaccine VALOR study but a few on this. When could we expect an update and what are expectations for the launch if positive. What does vaccine contracting look like and what channels will be the key target for you? And I guess, finally, how big could this opportunity really be? LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Yes, Lyme diseae? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Yeah. Thank you. I'll start. So thank you very much. This could be a first-in-class vaccine for Lyme disease, the Phase 3 VALOR trial. It's a multivalent protein subunit vaccine targeting all 6 out of surface proteins of Verallia burgdorferi. The study we expect to read out first half of this year. Just a reminder, approximately 400,000 people in the US and 132,000 people in Europe, affected by Lyme disease. And as you know, significant long-term morbidity and long-term sequelae. So a vaccine specifically in certain regions of the world could be very, very important. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. We're very, very waiting to see the date of that. That would be a huge solution for an unmet medical need. Let's move to the next question, please. Operator Mohit Bansal, Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Securities LLC - Analyst Great. Thank you very much for taking my question, and one more on the VESPER program here. Would like to understand what kind of target profile you are looking at from the Phase 3 trial? I'm asking because with the GLP-1, you kind of see mid- to high teens kind of weight loss, there's an optimized GLP-1? And if you try to push it beyond that, you could probably start to run into tolerability issues. What makes you think that this longer acting GLP-1 could provide higher weight loss than that vis-a-vis better tolerability or do you think that monthly is probably the biggest differentiator here? Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Chris? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you very much. So it's both. We expect competitive weight loss and the data we show today, including with the predictions, but to expect from the 9.6 milligrams at 16 milligrams weight loss, we are predicted at week 28 is highly competitive, tolerable to be highly competitive and then, of course, monthly dosing, which will be highly differentiated. Just to point out, we are also planning a Phase 3 study which will evaluate switching. So patients already on weekly therapy doing well to switch those basins to monthly dosing. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. And this is not only ours, of course, weekly to monthly, but also any other GLP-1s that are in the market and they want to move after they achieve a weight loss into a maintenance with only one injection rather than with four. Of course, there is also the oral solutions, but that's going for one weekly to one daily pill. Some will do it, but I think our research shows that most would like, if they are already used needle, and they would like to switch mostly to a more convenient needle, which is once a month. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Evan Seigerman, BMO Capital Markets. Evan Seigerman - Bank of Montreal - Analyst Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. I just wanted to touch on your comments around investment in AI. How -- what are the metrics you're putting around that? And more broadly, I just want to ensure that this is going to drive a good return on your adjustment versus just kind of feeding into the hype? Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. It's a very good question, and let me start, but then I will last specific marketing achievements and R&D achievements through AI. In general, there are things in AI, but the technology is ready now. And those are deploying very, very fast. And certainly, I cannot do everything, but certainly can do more than what it is used right now to do. And that has to do with how successful you are in implementing it, embedding it into your organizational footprint, embedding it into your business processes and also creating AI literacy among the employees that eventually are using this AI. With that, clearly affects everything from enabling functions and maybe Dave can speak a little bit about the things that we are doing there. I mean when I say enabling functions from finance, HR, legal, you name it. And of course, in R&D, where we have seen already significant productivity enhancements. In marketing that it is helping us to maximize the ROI right now and in manufacturing were a very big part of the savings that were achieved successful deployment of AI use case that is called the Golden Batch. Chris, do you want to give some specific examples? Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Yeah. Thank you very much for the question. So as you pointed out, in R&D, we're embedding AI in each function, meaning in discovery, medical, regulatory, safety, pharmacovigilance, clinical trial execution, and we're recruiting and embedding AI engineers in each of those functions to work with the scientists and the clinicians how to measure success, productivity, productivity, speed and cost, to be bring costs down by embedding AI and obviously, accelerating speed. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer What about in commercial? Aamir Malik - Pfizer Inc - Chief US Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. Evan, I think metrics are at the heart of everything that we're doing with AI. I'll give you two very specific examples. One is our field force productivity. We're using AI to not only help train our field forces, but also help make their time with physicians maximize. So we invest more time with physicians rather than behind screens. Second is on the marketing side, we measure MROI. And you've seen us be very disciplined, as Dave alluded to, in our SI&A spend, particularly as we're trying to grow revenue for a lot of our launch and acquired brands, and AI has absolutely helped us increase our MROI by being much, much more targeted about where we invest. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

Alexandre, you did fantastic things also in international with AI. Alexandre De Germay - Pfizer Inc - Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah, that's right. I mean every step of the way when we interact with our customer is subject to an improvement with AI. Let me give you an example, critical planning for our rep is actually done better when it is done with AI. The quality of the interaction is listened, so that we can rerun those interactions that we can improve the quality of the interaction. We can also do targeting better way so that we have advanced targeting, thanks to AI. And finally, imagine that operating globally with very different regulatory requirements require every country to redo and reassess every promotional pieces. With AI, we can do that instantly in all those markets. We don't need to rerun all those activities at every country. So that has massive impact on productivity and speed to market. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer And Dave, maybe -David Denton - Pfizer Inc - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Yeah. Maybe just 2 points. From an enabling functions perspective, I think about AI in us leveraging our vendors because we have big vendor technology platforms across our enterprise. And as they make investments in their platform, we're taking advantage of those and embedding those within our process, which is increasing our productivity. And then secondly, think about our business model, we have routine transactions, but we have a large number of products that are across literally hundreds of markets. So AI is allowing us to use those data sets to essentially automate some of those transactions to make it very efficient that today, we deploy resources to be able to do that. So now the technology is enabling us to be a lot more productive. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. So in closing, Evan, that's why we put it as one of the four imperatives strategic priorities we plan to do, which is to scale up because we have some big success. Many people are asking us, how is possible that Pfizer was able to take so much cost out of its operations without affecting the top line. And the answer is yes. We didn't just cut cost, what we did is we improved productivity. And the main lever, of course, there was simplification efforts that also took place. But the main lever was the successful deployment of AI, where basically we are reducing the cost without that being seen in the activity. So very excited about the prospects of AI. Next question, please. Operator Dave Risinger, Leerink Partners. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

David Risinger - Leerink Partners LLC - Analyst Yes. Thanks very much and thanks for all the updates. So my question is for Chris. Chris, could you talk a little bit more about MET-233i, which I believe is now numbered '3945 Specifically, the bias of amylin relative to calcitonin, the implications for the efficacy and tolerability profile and the data we should expect at ADA? Thanks very much. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you very much for the question. So this is an ultra-long-acting amylin, which was previously shown to have a monotherapy efficacy of 8.4% placebo-adjusted weight loss at day 36. It's a deal molecule, so it's not biased to the one. It's placebo-like tolerability was previously shown with the monotherapy. And that gave confidence for the -- starting the combination of '3944 and '3945. previously, early data shown a day 8, 5% weight loss, but obviously, that's very early. So we will update those data later this year. This is an important combination for us because we believe with this combination, we can have best-in-class efficacy with a monthly dosing, which will be highly differentiated for this combination. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. And now it's time for the last question. Operator Louise Chen, Scotiabank. Louise Chen - Scotiabank GBM - Analyst Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask you first, it's been a couple of years since you completed the acquisition of Seagen. And I'm just curious how that integration has gone? And then how is that deal really increase your leadership in oncology? And then just a second quick question on your PD-1xVEGF. It's becoming a more crowded market. So just curious where you expect to stand out with respect to your pipeline. I mean there's some indications that are coming before you but is there anything special that you would like to call out. Thank you. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Louise. And clearly Seagen has been integrated on research, commercial, manufacturing and multiple other levels. But given that Chris was the leader that drove the integration during the first sensitive year, Chris, maybe you want to make a comment on how the integration of Seagen went and is continue doing. Chris Boshoff - Pfizer Inc - Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research & Development Thank you very much for the question. So firstly, we have a vibrant community of scientists and clinicians in Seattle. I believe we're one of the biggest employers for -- in the biotech or biopharma industry in that region. Most of the colleagues actually remained at Pfizer, which is just a testament of our culture and the success of the integration. A number of programs have started and being accelerated, including, as you've seen, the readout with 303 and 304 for PADCEV. We are planning an additional Phase 3 study for PADCEV. It will start later this year. It's an important study for us and for patients because that is to -- study to potentially replace cystectomy, which, as you know, leads to significant morbidity and mortality. LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

We also accelerated a number of other programs into Phase 3, including SV with two Phase 3 studies ongoing and an additional Phase 3 study that's going to start. PDL1V, another Phase 3 program ongoing in non-small cell lung cancer and a number of Phase 1 ADCs that's differentiated, including using the integrin beta 6 antigen as a marker with new payloads, including TOPO 2 and new orastatin based payload. So integration, overall, of Seagen going very, very well. Regarding '4404, it is a differentiated molecule. What we've seen in the preclinical data was a 100-fold increase for the affinity for PD-1 in the presence of VEGF and binding to all isoforms of VEGF-A. It's a preclinical data highly encouraging overall encouraged by the field now. As you know, we've recently seen from China first line non-small cell lung data that was positive. The data we've seen with a combination of '4404 with chemotherapy are highly encouraging. And as we accelerate the program, as you've seen in we started Phase 3 programs already for colorectal cancer. And earlier this year, we'll also start with first-line Phase 3 with non-small cell lung cancer and then endometrial cancer and bladder cancer, including combinations with our ADC portfolio. Albert Bourla - Pfizer Inc - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Chris. Very exciting. So thank you very much, everyone. Clearly, I'm very proud of what we achieved in 2025 in multiple horizons. The last piece of the puzzle was revealed today with the fourth quarter results, which were stellar. We beat with a significant margin, revenues and earnings in the phase of the lowest-ever COVID season that generated the lowest ever revenues because of the way that this strain was mild. Now we are already in 2026. And this is a pivotal year because it marks the first year of an LOE cycle, but already started this year. And we've been preparing for that for many years with the acquisitions we have done strategic and licensing agreements, while also it was sharpening our focus on the most impactful internal programs. Our US and international commercial organizations have refined models to strengthen leadership with key product portfolios, streamlining and financial discipline are, of course, ongoing priorities. We will continue strategic investment in future growth and value creation for our shareholders, including by maintaining and over the long term, growing our dividend. Our 2026 strategic agenda is clear, and I'm confident in the progress we will achieve. Thank you for your interest in Pfizer, and we look forward to continuing to share our progress with you in the year ahead. Operator Thank you. This brings us to the end of today's meeting. We appreciate your time and participation. You may now disconnect. DISCLAIMER LSEG reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes. In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES LSEG OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS. ©2026, LSEG. All Rights Reserved. 16607403-2026-02-03T23:40:54.070 LSEG STREETEVENTS | www.lseg.com | Contact Us ©2026 LSEG. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of LSEG content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

g Pfizer Reports Solid Full-Year 2025 Results And Reaffirms 2026 Guidance ■ Focused Execution Drives Strong Full-Year 2025 EPS Performance ■ E n t e r s 2 0 2 6 w i t h C l e a r S t r a t e g i c P r i o r i t i e s a n d G r o w i n g L a t e - S t a g e P i p e l i n e ■ Advanced 11 Key Pivotal Study Starts in 2025 and ~20 Key Pivotal Study Starts Planned for 2026 NEW YORK, Tuesday, February 3, 2026 — Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) reported financial results for fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 and reaffirmed its full-year 2026 financial guidance(1) provided on December 16, 2025. EXECUTIVE COMMENTARY Dr. Albert Bourla, Chairman and CEO of Pfizer: “With excellent execution in 2025, we delivered a solid financial performance and strengthened Pfizer’s foundation for future growth. Looking ahead, 2026 will be an important year rich in key catalysts, including our expectation for approximately 20 key pivotal study starts, and continued strategic investment to maximize our opportunities for industry-leading growth at the end of the decade.” David Denton, CFO and EVP of Pfizer: “I’m pleased with our solid financial results in 2025. With focused commercial execution, we delivered full-year operational revenue growth of 6% for our non-COVID portfolio, and our continued financial discipline drove strong EPS performance. Today, we are reaffirming our full-year 2026 financial guidance.” OVERALL RESULTS ■ Full-Year 2025 Revenues of $62.6 Billion, Reflecting a 2% Year-over-Year Operational Decline – Excluding Contributions from Paxlovid and Comirnaty, Revenues Grew 6% Operationally ■ Full-Year 2025 Reported(2) Diluted EPS of $1.36 and Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS of $3.22 ■ Fourth-Quarter 2025 Revenues of $17.6 Billion, Representing a 3% Year-over-Year Operational Decline – Excluding Contributions from Paxlovid and Comirnaty, Revenues Grew 9% Operationally ■ Fourth-Quarter 2025 Reported(2) Diluted Loss Per Share (LPS) of $(0.29) and Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS of $0.66 ■ Reaffirms All Components of Full-Year 2026 Financial Guidance(1), including Revenues in a Range of $59.5 to $62.5 Billion and Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS in a Range of $2.80 to $3.00 - 1 -

Some amounts in this press release may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates(4). Results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2025 and 2024(5) are summarized below. ($ in millions, except per share amounts) Fourth-Quarter Full-Year 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Revenues $ 17,557 $ 17,763 (1%) $ 62,579 $ 63,627 (2%) Reported(2) Net Income/(Loss) (1,648) 410 * 7,771 8,031 (3%) Reported(2) Diluted EPS/(LPS) (0.29) 0.07 * 1.36 1.41 (3%) Adjusted(3) Income 3,786 3,592 5% 18,406 17,716 4% Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS 0.66 0.63 5% 3.22 3.11 4% * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. REVENUES ($ in millions) Fourth-Quarter Full-Year 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Global Biopharmaceuticals Business (Biopharma) $ 17,144 $ 17,413 (2%) (3%) $ 61,199 $ 62,400 (2%) (2%) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) 409 325 26% 22% 1,338 1,146 17% 15% Pfizer Ignite 4 26 (83%) (83%) 41 82 (50%) (50%) TOTAL REVENUES $ 17,557 $ 17,763 (1%) (3%) $ 62,579 $ 63,627 (2%) (2%) - 2 -

2026 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE(1) ■ Reaffirms full-year 2026 Revenue guidance in a range of $59.5 to $62.5 billion and Adjusted(3) diluted EPS guidance(1) in a range of $2.80 to $3.00. ■ The reaffirmed 2026 Revenue guidance reflects the expectation of approximately $5 billion in revenues from our COVID-19 products and an expected year-over-year negative revenue impact of approximately $1.5 billion due to certain products experiencing loss of exclusivity (LOE)(1). ■ 2026 Adjusted(3) diluted EPS guidance primarily reflects our expected revenues, anticipated stable gross and operating margins versus full-year 2025, and an anticipated higher tax rate on Adjusted(3) income versus fullyear 2025. Additionally, our guidance reflects our expectation for a continued focus on prioritization in key therapeutic areas as well as our plan to start approximately 20 key pivotal trials in 2026, including ten pivotal trials for ultra-long-acting obesity assets acquired from Metsera and four pivotal trials for PF-08634404 (a PD-1 x VEGF bispecific antibody in-licensed from 3SBio). ■ The company’s guidance reflects the anticipated unfavorable impact of Most-Favored-Nation drug pricing and TrumpRx. ■ The company’s guidance includes the anticipated impact of currently imposed tariffs. Revenues $59.5 to $62.5 billion Adjusted(3) SI&A Expenses $12.5 to $13.5 billion Adjusted(3) R&D Expenses $10.5 to $11.5 billion Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(3) Income Approximately 15.0% Adjusted(3) Diluted EPS $2.80 to $3.00 CAPITAL ALLOCATION In 2025, Pfizer deployed its capital in a variety of ways, which primarily included: ▪ Reinvesting capital into initiatives intended to enhance the future growth prospects of the company, including: • $10.4 billion invested in internal research and development projects, and • Approximately $8.8 billion invested in business development transactions, primarily reflecting the Metsera acquisition and the 3SBio in-licensing deal. ▪ Returning capital directly to shareholders through $9.8 billion of cash dividends, or $1.72 per share of common stock. - 3 -

Our capital allocation framework is designed to enhance long-term shareholder value, and is based on three core pillars: (i) maintaining and, over the long term, growing our dividend, (ii) reinvesting in the business, including maintaining the flexibility to deploy capital towards potential value-creating business development transactions, and (iii) in the future, the potential to resume the return of capital to shareholders through value-enhancing share repurchases. The company expects to continue to de-lever over the longer term in a prudent manner in order to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. No share repurchases were completed in 2025. As of February 3, 2026, Pfizer’s remaining share repurchase authorization is $3.3 billion. Current financial guidance does not anticipate any share repurchases in 2026. For the fourth quarter of 2025, basic weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,686 million were used to calculate Reported(2) LPS and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,722 million were used to calculate Adjusted(3) diluted EPS. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (Fourth-Quarter 2025 vs. Fourth-Quarter 2024) Fourth-quarter 2025 revenues totaled $17.6 billion, a decrease of $206 million, or 1%, compared to the prior-year quarter, reflecting an operational decrease of $484 million, or 3%, and a favorable impact of foreign exchange of $278 million. The operational decrease was primarily driven by a year-over-year decline in COVID-19 product revenues, partially offset by an increase in revenues for Abrysvo, Oncology biosimilars, Eliquis, the Prevnar family, the Vyndaqel family, and several other products across categories. Excluding contributions from Comirnaty and Paxlovid, revenues for the fourth quarter grew 9% operationally. Fourth-quarter 2025 operational revenue reflected higher revenues primarily for: ▪ Abrysvo globally, up 136% (or up $270 million) operationally, driven primarily by launch uptake for both the adult and maternal indications in certain international markets, as well as favorable net price and market share for the adult indication in the U.S.; partially offset by lower vaccination rates for the older adult indication in the U.S. following an updated recommendation by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices; ▪ Oncology biosimilars globally, up 76% operationally, driven primarily by favorable net price in the U.S.; ▪ Eliquis globally, up 8% operationally, driven primarily by higher demand globally and, as anticipated, favorable net price in the U.S. as a result of the year-over-year impact of the elimination of the coverage gap as part of the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign; partially offset by a reduction in sales due to lower inventory in the U.S. distribution channel related to year-end buying patterns, as well as generic entry and price erosion in certain international markets; ▪ Prevnar family globally, up 8% operationally, driven primarily by strong uptake of the adult indication in certain international markets, coupled with continued uptake of the adult indication in the U.S. as a result of strong demand following the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommendation for - 4 -

ages 50-64; partially offset by lower market share in the U.S. and timing of shipments in certain international markets; ▪ Vyndaqel family (Vyndaqel, Vyndamax, Vynmac) globally, up 7% operationally, driven largely by strong demand with continuing uptake in patient diagnosis primarily in the U.S. and certain international developed markets, as well as improved patient affordability in the U.S.; partially offset by lower net price in the U.S. due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign and, to a lesser extent, new payer contracts with reduced pricing; ▪ Lorbrena globally, up 45% operationally, driven primarily by increased patient share in the first-line ALKpositive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ mNSCLC) treatment setting in the U.S., China, and certain other international markets, partially offset by lower net price in the U.S. mainly due to the impact of higher manufacturer discounts resulting from the IRA Medicare Part D redesign; and ▪ Padcev globally, up 15% operationally, driven primarily by increased market share in first-line locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (la/mUC); more than offset primarily by lower revenues for: ▪ Comirnaty globally, down 35% operationally, driven primarily by a decline in international markets from both lower contractual deliveries and lower vaccination rates in commercial markets, as well as lower utilization in the U.S. resulting from a narrower recommendation for vaccination; and ▪ Paxlovid globally, down 70% operationally, driven primarily by lower COVID-19 infections across U.S. and international markets and lower international government purchases; partially offset by higher net price in the U.S. following transition from the U.S. government agreement. GAAP Reported(2) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED REPORTED(2) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) Fourth-Quarter Full-Year 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Cost of Sales(2) $ 5,272 $ 5,909 (11%) (14%) $ 16,067 $ 17,851 (10%) (12%) Percent of Revenues 30.0% 33.3% N/A N/A 25.7% 28.1% N/A N/A SI&A Expenses(2) 4,162 4,274 (3%) (3%) 13,794 14,730 (6%) (7%) R&D Expenses(2) 3,206 3,035 6% 5% 10,437 10,822 (4%) (4%) Acquired IPR&D Expenses(2) 212 88 * * 1,613 108 * * Other (Income)/ Deductions—net (2) 4,514 2,358 91% 94% 6,724 4,388 53% 55% Effective Tax Rate on Reported(2) Income/(Loss) 0.1% * (3.5%) (0.4%) * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. - 5 -

Fourth-quarter 2025 Cost of Sales(2) as a percentage of revenues decreased by 3.2 percentage points compared to the prior-year quarter, primarily driven by (i) a favorable change in sales mix including lower sales of Comirnaty, and (ii) lower amortization from the step-up of acquired inventory; partially offset by (iii) an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and (iv) a lower favorable revision of our estimate of accrued royalties in the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year quarter. Fourth-quarter 2025 SI&A Expenses(2) decreased 3% operationally compared to the prior-year quarter, primarily reflecting focused investments and ongoing productivity improvements that drove a decrease in marketing and promotional spend for various products and lower spending in corporate enabling functions, partially offset by an increase in liabilities payable to participants of our supplemental savings plan. Fourth-quarter 2025 R&D Expenses(2) increased 5% operationally compared to the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by an increase in spending in oncology and obesity product candidates, partially offset by a net decrease in spending due to pipeline focus and optimization including the expansion of our digital capabilities. Fourth-quarter 2025 Acquired In-Process R&D Expenses(2) increased $124 million compared to the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by a $150 million charge related to an in-licensing agreement with YaoPharma. The unfavorable period-over-period change in Other (income)/deductions—net (2) of $2.2 billion for the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to the prior-year quarter, was driven primarily by (i) higher intangible asset impairment charges in the fourth quarter of 2025, (ii) lower net gains on equity securities and (iii) the non-recurrence of gains on the partial sale of our previous investment in Haleon plc (Haleon) equity in the fourth quarter of 2024; partially offset by (iv) net periodic benefit credits associated with pension and postretirement plans incurred in the fourth quarter of 2025 versus net periodic benefit costs incurred in the fourth quarter of 2024. Included in Other (income)/deductions—net (2) are total non-cash intangible asset impairment charges of $4.4 billion that were taken in the fourth quarter of 2025 due to changes in development plans and updated long-range commercial forecasts. Pfizer’s effective tax rate on Reported(2) loss for the fourth quarter of 2025 reflects the jurisdictional mix of earnings as well as resolutions with tax authorities. - 6 -

Adjusted(3) Statement of Operations Highlights SELECTED ADJUSTED(3) COSTS AND EXPENSES ($ in millions) Fourth-Quarter Full-Year 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change Total Oper. Total Oper. Adjusted(3) Cost of Sales $ 5,066 $ 5,742 (12%) (15%) $ 15,141 $ 16,420 (8%) (9%) Percent of Revenues 28.9% 32.3% N/A N/A 24.2% 25.8% N/A N/A Adjusted(3) SI&A Expenses 4,080 4,275 (5%) (5%) 13,642 14,617 (7%) (7%) Adjusted(3) R&D Expenses 3,116 2,986 4% 4% 10,212 10,694 (5%) (5%) Acquired IPR&D Expenses(3) 212 88 * * 1,613 108 * * Adjusted(3) Other (Income)/ Deductions—net 139 234 (41%) (16%) 827 1,031 (20%) (11%) Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted(3) Income 23.3% 18.9% 12.7% 14.5% * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. See the reconciliations of certain Reported(2) to non-GAAP Adjusted(3) financial measures and associated footnotes in the financial tables section of this press release. FULL-YEAR REVENUE SUMMARY (Full-Year 2025 vs. Full-Year 2024) Full-year 2025 revenues totaled $62.6 billion, a decrease of $1.0 billion, or 2%, compared to full-year 2024, reflecting an operational decrease of $1.3 billion, or 2%, partially offset by a favorable impact of foreign exchange of $247 million. Excluding contributions from Comirnaty and Paxlovid, revenues for the full-year grew 6% operationally. The operational decrease was primarily driven by a year-over-year decline in COVID-19 product revenues largely due to lower infection rates impacting Paxlovid demand as well as a narrower vaccine recommendation for COVID-19 in the U.S. impacting Comirnaty sales; partially offset by growth contributions led by the Vyndaqel family, Eliquis, Padcev, Lorbrena, Abrysvo, and Oncology biosimilars. - 7 -

RECENT NOTABLE DEVELOPMENTS (Since November 4, 2025) Product Developments Braftovi (encorafenib) Phase 3 Results January 2026. Announced positive results from Cohort 3, a separate, investigational randomized cohort of the pivotal BREAKWATER trial, evaluating Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and FOLFIRI (fluorouracil, leucovorin, and irinotecan) in patients with previously untreated metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) with a BRAF V600E mutation. At the time of analysis, the Braftovi combination regimen with FOLFIRI and cetuximab demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in confirmed objective response rate (ORR), as assessed by BICR, compared to patients receiving standard-of-care treatment FOLFIRI with or without bevacizumab (64.4% vs 39.2%, odds ratio =2.76, p=0.001). The safety profile of Braftovi in combination with cetuximab and FOLFIRI was consistent with the known safety profile of each respective agent. Full Release Hympavzi (marstacimab) Phase 3 Results December 2025. Announced detailed results from the Phase 3 BASIS study (NCT03938792) evaluating Hympavzi for adults and adolescents living with hemophilia A or B with inhibitors that demonstrated the superiority of investigational use of Hympavzi in improving key bleeding outcomes compared to on-demand (OD) treatment with bypassing agents. Full Release - 8 -

Padcev (enfortumab vedotin) Phase 3 Results December 2025. Pfizer and Astellas Pharma Inc. (Astellas) announced positive topline results from an interim analysis of the Phase 3 EV-304 clinical trial (also known as KEYNOTEB15) for Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab. The pivotal study is evaluating the combination as neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment (before and after surgery) versus standard of care neoadjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine and cisplatin) in patients with muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC) who are eligible for cisplatin-based chemotherapy. The trial met its primary endpoint, demonstrating clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in event-free survival (EFS), and overall survival (OS), a key secondary endpoint. An additional secondary endpoint of pathologic complete response (pCR) rate for neoadjuvant Padcev plus pembrolizumab versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy was also met, and a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement was observed. The safety profile for Padcev plus pembrolizumab was consistent with the known profile of the treatment regimen. Full Release Regulatory December 2025. Astellas announced the European Medicines Agency (EMA) validated for review a Type II variation application for Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab, as neoadjuvant treatment (before surgery), and then continued after radical cystectomy (surgery) as adjuvant treatment (after surgery), for adults with MIBC who are ineligible for cisplatincontaining chemotherapy. The EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use and subsequently the European Commission are expected to share their opinion and decision in 2026. Full Release Regulatory November 2025. Pfizer and Astellas announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Padcev in combination with pembrolizumab or pembrolizumab and berahyaluronidase alfa-pmph as neoadjuvant treatment and then continued after cystectomy (surgery) as adjuvant treatment for adult patients with MIBC who are ineligible for cisplatincontaining chemotherapy. The approval of this perioperative (before and after surgery) treatment was based on results from the pivotal Phase 3 EV-303 clinical trial (also known as KEYNOTE-905). Full Release Tukysa (tucatinib) Phase 3 Results December 2025. Announced detailed results from the Phase 3 HER2CLIMB-05 trial of Tukysa as part of an investigational firstline maintenance treatment combination, following chemotherapy-based induction, in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive (HER2+) metastatic breast cancer (MBC). The primary endpoint analysis showed a 35.9% reduction in the risk of disease progression or death among patients treated with Tukysa, trastuzumab, and pertuzumab compared to those treated with placebo, trastuzumab, and pertuzumab, as assessed by the investigator (hazard ratio [HR] of 0.641, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.514-0.799; 2-sided p<0.0001). The combination demonstrated a manageable safety profile as a first-line maintenance therapy. Full Release - 9 -

Pipeline Developments A comprehensive update of Pfizer’s development pipeline was published today and is now available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an overview of Pfizer’s research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phase 1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration. Product/Project Milestone Recent Development Link Ultra-LongActing GLP-1 (PF’3944 / MET-097i) Phase 2b Results February 2026. Announced positive topline results from the Phase 2b VESPER-3 study investigating monthly maintenance dosing of the fully-biased, ultra-long-acting, injectable GLP-1 receptor agonist PF’3944 (MET-097i) in adults with obesity or overweight without type 2 diabetes. The study met its primary endpoint of statistically significant weight reduction at 28 weeks and demonstrated a competitive tolerability profile. Additionally, weight loss continued after the pre-planned switch from weekly to monthly dosing, with no plateau observed at 28 weeks. Detailed results from VESPER-3 will be presented on June 6, 2026 at the 86th Scientific Sessions of the American Diabetes Association®. Full Release Corporate Developments Business Development December 2025. Announced an exclusive global collaboration and in-license agreement with YaoPharma, a leading innovation-driven global healthcare company, for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of YP05002, a small molecule glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist currently in Phase 1 development for chronic weight management. Under the terms of the agreement, YaoPharma will complete an ongoing YP05002 Phase 1 clinical trial and granted Pfizer an exclusive license to further develop, manufacture and commercialize YP05002 worldwide. YaoPharma received an upfront payment of $150 million and is eligible to receive milestone payments associated with certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones up to $1.935 billion, as well as tiered royalties on sales, if approved. Full Release November 2025. Announced the completion of Pfizer’s acquisition of all outstanding shares of common stock of Metsera, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company accelerating the next generation of medicines for obesity and cardiometabolic diseases, for $65.60 in cash per Metsera share, representing an enterprise value of approximately $7.0 billion. Additionally, Metsera shareholders were granted a contingent value right (CVR) of up to $20.65 per share of Metsera stock in potential additional payments tied to the achievement of three specified clinical and regulatory milestones. Full Release ViiV Healthcare Limited January 2026. Pfizer reached an agreement with GSK plc and Shionogi & Co., Ltd to exit its 11.7% investment in ViiV Healthcare Limited. Under the terms of the agreement, Pfizer will receive $1.875 billion in cash. Completion of the transaction is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2026, subject to certain regulatory clearances in relevant markets. N/A Topic Recent Development Link - 10 -

PFIZER TO HOST CONFERENCE CALL Pfizer will host a live conference call and webcast today, February 3, 2026, at 10:00 AM EST. To access the live conference call, the fourth-quarter 2025 earnings presentation, and the accompanying prepared remarks from management, visit our website at pfizer.com/investors. You can also listen to the conference call by dialing either 800-456-4352 in the U.S. and Canada or 785-424-1086 outside of the U.S. and Canada. The passcode is “10856”. The transcript and webcast replay of the call will be made available on our website at pfizer.com/investors within 24 hours after the end of the live conference call and will be accessible for at least 90 days. - 11 -

For additional details, see the attached financial schedules, product revenue tables and disclosure notice. (1) Pfizer does not provide guidance for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) Reported financial measures (other than revenues) or a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP Reported financial measures on a forward-looking basis because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of unusual gains and losses, certain acquisition-related expenses, gains and losses from equity securities, actuarial gains and losses from pension and postretirement plan remeasurements, potential future asset impairments and pending litigation without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP Reported results for the guidance period. Financial guidance for full-year 2026 reflects the following: ▪ Does not assume the completion of any business development transactions not completed as of February 3, 2026. ▪ An anticipated unfavorable revenue impact of approximately $1.5 billion due to recent and expected generic and biosimilar competition for certain products that have recently lost patent or regulatory protection or that are anticipated to lose patent or regulatory protection. ▪ Exchange rates assumed are actual rates at mid-January 2026. ▪ Guidance for Adjusted(3) diluted EPS assumes diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of approximately 5.74 billion shares, and assumes no share repurchases in 2026. (2) Revenues is defined as revenues in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported net income/(loss) and its components are defined as net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and its components in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reported diluted EPS and reported diluted LPS are defined as diluted EPS or LPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP. (3) Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) are defined as U.S. GAAP net income/ (loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and U.S. GAAP diluted EPS/(LPS) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisitionrelated items, discontinued operations and certain significant items. See the accompanying reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 and 2024. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for U.S. GAAP net income/(loss) and its components and diluted EPS/(LPS)(2). See the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the accompanying Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of this press release for a definition of each component of Adjusted income as well as other relevant information. (4) References to operational variances in this press release pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of Pfizer’s business, they are not within Pfizer’s control and because they can mask positive or negative trends in the - 12 -

business, Pfizer believes presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate Pfizer’s results. (5) Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for international subsidiaries is November 30 while Pfizer’s fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is December 31. Therefore, Pfizer’s fourth quarter and full year for U.S. subsidiaries reflects the three and twelve months ended on December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, while Pfizer’s fourth quarter and full year for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. reflects the three and twelve months ended on November 30, 2025 and November 30, 2024. - 13 -

Fourth-Quarter % Incr. / Full-Year % Incr. / 2025 2024 (Decr.) 2025 2024 (Decr.) Revenues: Product revenues(2) $ 14,496 $ 15,084 (4) $ 51,663 $ 53,816 (4) Alliance revenues 2,582 2,248 15 9,266 8,388 10 Royalty revenues 480 431 11 1,650 1,423 16 Total revenues 17,557 17,763 (1) 62,579 63,627 (2) Costs and expenses: Cost of sales(2), (3) 5,272 5,909 (11) 16,067 17,851 (10) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(3) 4,162 4,274 (3) 13,794 14,730 (6) Research and development expenses(3) 3,206 3,035 6 10,437 10,822 (4) Acquired in-process research and development expenses(4) 212 88 * 1,613 108 * Amortization of intangible assets 1,229 1,359 (10) 4,874 5,286 (8) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs(5) 604 750 (19) 1,550 2,419 (36) Other (income)/deductions––net(6) 4,514 2,358 91 6,724 4,388 53 Income/(loss) from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income/(loss) (1,642) (10) * 7,520 8,023 (6) Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income/(loss)(7) (2) (421) (99) (266) (28) * Income/(loss) from continuing operations (1,640) 411 * 7,787 8,051 (3) Discontinued operations––net of tax — 7 (98) 25 11 * Net income/(loss) before allocation to noncontrolling interests (1,640) 418 * 7,812 8,062 (3) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 8 8 (1) 41 31 33 Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ (1,648) $ 410 * $ 7,771 $ 8,031 (3) Earnings/(loss) per common share––basic: Income/(loss) from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ (0.29) $ 0.07 * $ 1.37 $ 1.42 (4) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — — — — Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ (0.29) $ 0.07 * $ 1.37 $ 1.42 (4) Earnings/(loss) per common share––diluted: Income/(loss) from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ (0.29) $ 0.07 * $ 1.36 $ 1.41 (4) Discontinued operations––net of tax — — — — — — Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ (0.29) $ 0.07 * $ 1.36 $ 1.41 (3) Weighted-average shares used to calculate earnings/ (loss) per common share: Basic 5,686 5,667 5,683 5,664 Diluted(8) 5,686 5,703 5,713 5,700 * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(1) (UNAUDITED) - 14 -

(1) The financial statements present the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. are included for the three and twelve months ended November 30, 2025 and November 30, 2024. Business development activities, including the November 2025 acquisition of Metsera, Inc. (Metsera), impacted financial results in the periods presented. See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—Our Business Development Initiatives and Other Recent Developments section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2025. Certain amounts in the consolidated statements of operations and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. (2) Product revenues for full-year 2024 included a $771 million favorable final adjustment to the estimated noncash Paxlovid revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million Emergency Use Authorization (EUA)-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. The amount for full-year 2024 also included $442 million of revenue recorded in connection with the creation of a U.S. Strategic National Stockpile of 1.0 million treatment courses of Paxlovid, which we supplied at no cost to the U.S. government or taxpayers. Cost of sales for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 include favorable revisions of our estimate of accrued royalties. (3) Exclusive of amortization of intangible assets. (4) Acquired in-process research and development expenses for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 include a $150 million charge related to an in-license agreement with YaoPharma Co; Ltd. Full-year 2025 also includes a $1.35 billion charge related to an in-licensing agreement with 3SBio, Inc. (5) Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs include the following: Fourth-Quarter Full-Year (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Restructuring charges/(credits)––acquisition-related costs(a) $ 18 $ 4 $ 30 $ 82 Restructuring charges/(credits)––cost reduction initiatives(b) 290 653 1,061 1,905 Restructuring charges/(credits) 308 657 1,092 1,987 Transaction costs(c) 118 — 118 5 Integration costs and other(d) 179 94 340 427 Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs $ 604 $ 750 $ 1,550 $ 2,419 (a) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs associated with business combinations. (b) Includes charges/(credits) for employee terminations, asset impairments and other exit costs not associated with acquisitions. The charges for the fourth quarter of 2025 primarily represent employee termination costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. The charges for full-year 2025 primarily represent employee termination costs, asset impairments and exit costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program, partially offset by revisions of estimates of previously recorded accruals for employee termination costs associated with our Manufacturing Optimization Program, driven in large part by higherthan-expected voluntary attrition. The charges for the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily represented asset impairments, exit costs and employee termination costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. The charges for full-year 2024 mainly represented employee termination costs associated with our Manufacturing Optimization Program, as well as asset impairments and exit costs associated with our enterprise-wide cost realignment program. (c) Transaction costs represent external costs for banking, legal, accounting and other similar services. (d) Integration costs and other represent external, incremental costs directly related to integrating acquired businesses, such as expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes, and certain other qualifying costs. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 15 -

(6) Components of Other (income)/deductions––net include: Fourth-Quarter Full-Year (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Interest income $ (166) $ (170) $ (603) $ (545) Interest expense 711 739 2,671 3,091 Net interest expense(a) 545 569 2,068 2,546 Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities(b) (28) (879) 67 (1,008) Income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights (110) (17) (192) (42) Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs(c) (346) 464 (678) 154 Certain legal matters, net(d) 302 145 1,057 567 Certain asset impairments(e) 4,363 2,946 4,940 3,295 Haleon equity method (income)/loss — — — (102) Other, net(f) (213) (869) (538) (1,022) Other (income)/deductions––net $ 4,514 $ 2,358 $ 6,724 $ 4,388 (a) The decrease in net interest expense in the fourth quarter of 2025 is mainly driven by a reduction in commercial paper outstanding compared to 2024. The decrease in net interest expense in full-year 2025 reflects (i) lower interest expense primarily driven by a reduction in commercial paper outstanding, and (ii) an increase in interest income due to a higher total average investment asset balance compared to 2024. (b) The net gains in the fourth quarter and full-year 2024 primarily included, among other things, an unrealized gain of $1 billion related to our previous investment in Haleon plc (Haleon) which was carried at fair value as of December 2024. (c) Includes pension plan actuarial remeasurement pre-tax gains of $259 million in the fourth quarter of 2025 and $242 million in fullyear 2025 with the remaining amounts primarily representing net periodic benefit credits. (d) The amount for the fourth quarter of 2025 represents, and for full-year 2025 primarily includes, certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. The fourth quarter and full-year 2024 primarily included certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. (e) The amount for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 includes intangible asset impairment charges due to changes in development plans and updated long-range commercial forecasts, primarily composed of the following: (i) $3.6 billion in impairments of in-process research and development (IPR&D) assets, primarily including $1.6 billion for disitamab vedotin, $820 million for Tukysa (tucatinib), and $820 million for osivelotor, and (ii) approximately $813 million in impairments primarily for certain U.S. sterile injectable and hospital products. The amount for the fourth quarter and full-year 2024 included intangible asset impairment charges due to changes in development plans and updated long-range commercial forecasts, primarily composed of: (i) $1.0 billion for B7H4V (felmetatug vedotin), an IPR&D asset, (ii) $475 million for Medrol, a finite-lived brand, (iii) $435 million for Zavzpret nasal spray developed technology rights, (iv) $400 million and $200 million for Tukysa and disitamab vedotin, respectively, IPR&D assets reflecting emerging competition, as well as (v) other developed technology rights, IPR&D and a finite-lived licensing agreement totaling $436 million which also included de-prioritization of certain assets. (f) Full-year 2025 includes, among other things, dividend income of $265 million from our investment in ViiV Healthcare Limited (ViiV). The fourth quarter and full-year 2024 primarily included, among other things, gains of $795 million and $945 million, respectively, on the partial sales of our previous investment in Haleon in March and October 2024. Full-year 2024 also included, among other things, (i) a charge of $420 million related to the expected sale of one of our facilities resulting from the discontinuation of our DMD program, and (ii) dividend income of $272 million from our investment in ViiV. (7) Our effective tax rates for income/(loss) from continuing operations were 0.1% and (3.5)% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively, and 4,220.5% and (0.4)% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively. The negative and lower effective tax rate for full-year 2025, compared to full-year 2024, was primarily due to a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, tax benefits related to global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years, and the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities due to the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act on July 4, 2025. Comparison of the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2025 to the fourth quarter of 2024 is not meaningful. (8) For the fourth quarter of 2025, basic weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,686 million (excluding common share equivalents) were used to calculate GAAP Reported Loss per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders––diluted. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES - 16 -

Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjusted income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations––the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide–– prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows: Measure Definition Relevance of Metrics to Our Business Performance Adjusted income Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items • Provides investors useful information to: ◦ evaluate the normal recurring operational activities, and their components, on a comparable year-overyear basis ◦ assist in modeling expected future performance on a normalized basis • Provides investors insight into the way we manage our budgeting and forecasting, how we evaluate and manage our recurring operations and how we reward and compensate our senior management(b) Adjusted cost of sales, Adjusted selling, informational and administrative expenses, Adjusted research and development expenses and Adjusted other (income)/deductions––net Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, Research and development expenses and Other (income)/deductions––net (a), each before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisitionrelated items, discontinued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the Adjusted income measure Adjusted diluted EPS EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted(a) before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items (a) Most directly comparable GAAP measure. (b) Any expenses for acquired IPR&D are included in our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation purposes. Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP measures of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders, components of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders and EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted , respectively. We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans. See the reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted information for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 and 2024 below and the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Pfizer’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME - 17 -

Fourth-Quarter 2025 to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted(3) GAAP Reported $ 5,272 $ 4,162 $ 4,514 $ (1,648) $ (0.29) Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,229 Acquisition-related items (132) (2) (8) 471 Discontinued operations — — — — Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits), inventory write-offs, implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (4) (72) (70) — 505 Certain asset impairments(5) — — (4,363) 4,363 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — 28 (28) Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses(5) — — 264 (264) Other(6) (3) (10) (294) 309 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (1,152) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 5,066 $ 4,080 $ 139 (7) $ 3,786 $ 0.66 Full-Year Ended December 31, 2025 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 16,067 $ 13,794 $ 6,724 $ 7,771 $ 1.36 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 4,874 Acquisition-related items (708) (4) (61) 1,285 Discontinued operations — — — (25) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits), inventory write-offs, implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (4) (187) (116) — 1,554 Certain asset impairments(5) — — (4,940) 4,940 (Gains)/losses on equity securities — — (67) 67 Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses(5) — — 320 (320) Other(6) (32) (32) (1,150) 1,223 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (2,962) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 15,141 $ 13,642 $ 827 (7) $ 18,406 $ 3.22 See end of tables for notes. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 18 -

Fourth-Quarter 2024 to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 5,909 $ 4,274 $ 2,358 $ 410 $ 0.07 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 1,359 Acquisition-related items (224) 15 (13) 347 Discontinued operations — — — — Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (4) (27) (13) — 711 Certain asset impairments(5) — — (2,946) 2,946 (Gains)/losses on equity securities(5) — — 879 (879) Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — (570) 570 Other(6) 85 (1) 526 (606) Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (1,265) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 5,742 $ 4,275 $ 234 (7) $ 3,592 $ 0.63 Full-Year Ended December 31, 2024 Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Cost of sales(1) Selling, informational and administrative expenses(1) Other (income)/ deductions–– net(1) Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders(1), (2) Earnings/(loss) per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders–– diluted GAAP Reported $ 17,851 $ 14,730 $ 4,388 $ 8,031 $ 1.41 Amortization of intangible assets — — — 5,286 Acquisition-related items (1,341) (10) (45) 1,938 Discontinued operations — — — (14) Certain significant items: Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring (4) (134) (90) — 2,213 Certain asset impairments(5) — — (3,295) 3,295 (Gains)/losses on equity securities(5) — — 1,008 (1,008) Actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan (gains)/losses — — (579) 579 Other(6) 44 (13) (445) 430 Income tax provision—non-GAAP items (3,035) Non-GAAP Adjusted $ 16,420 $ 14,617 $ 1,031 (7) $ 17,716 $ 3.11 PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 19 -

(1) Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income/(loss) from continuing operations were 0.1% and (3.5)% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively, and 4,220.5% and (0.4)% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively. See Note (7) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were 23.3% and 12.7% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively, and 18.9% and 14.5% for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, respectively. (2) The amounts for the fourth quarter and full-year 2025 and 2024 include reconciling amounts for Research and development expenses that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations. (3) For the fourth quarter of 2025, basic weighted-average shares outstanding of 5,686 million (excluding common share equivalents) were used to calculate GAAP Reported Loss per common share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders––diluted. (4) Includes employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives not associated with acquisitions. (5) See Note (6) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above. (6) For the fourth quarter and full-year 2025, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustments of $294 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, primarily include charges of $300 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 and $1.1 billion for full-year 2025 for certain legal matters. The amount for the fourth quarter of 2025 represents, and for full-year 2025 primarily includes, certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. For the fourth quarter and full-year 2024, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustments of $526 million and $445 million, respectively, included (i) net gains of $675 million for the fourth quarter and $825 million for full-year on the partial sales of our previous investment in Haleon in March and October 2024, which are comprised of (a) total gains on the sales of $795 million for the fourth quarter and $945 million for full-year less (b) $120 million recognized in our adjusted income in the fourth quarter representing our pro-rata share of Haleon’s third quarter 2024 adjusted income recorded on a one quarter lag and implicitly included in the gain on the sale of those shares; and (ii) charges of $145 million for the fourth quarter and $567 million for full-year for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer. For full-year 2024, the total Other (income)/deductions––net adjustment of $445 million also included charges of (i) $420 million related to the expected sale of one of our facilities resulting from the discontinuation of our DMD program and (ii) $312 million mostly related to (a) our equity-method accounting pro-rata share of intangible asset amortization, impairments and restructuring costs recorded by Haleon, as well as (b) adjustments to our equity-method basis differences and (c) Pfizer’s share of investee capital transactions recognized by Haleon. (7) The components of non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net include the following: Fourth-Quarter Full-Year (MILLIONS) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Interest income $ (166) $ (170) $ (603) $ (544) Interest expense 714 741 2,681 3,100 Net interest expense 548 571 2,078 2,555 Income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights (110) (17) (192) (42) Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (82) (106) (358) (425) Certain legal matters, net 2 — 2 — Haleon equity method (income)/loss — — — (414) Other, net (218) (214) (702) (642) Non-GAAP Adjusted Other (income)/deductions––net $ 139 $ 234 $ 827 $ 1,031 See Note (6) to the Consolidated Statements of Operations above for additional information on the components comprising GAAP Reported Other (income)/deductions––net. PFIZER INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES NOTES TO RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP REPORTED TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED INFORMATION CERTAIN LINE ITEMS - (UNAUDITED) - 20 -

2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 17,557 $ 17,763 (1%) (3%) $ 9,119 $ 9,221 (1%) $ 8,438 $ 8,542 (1%) (4%) GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 17,144 $ 17,413 (2%) (3%) $ 9,031 $ 9,114 (1%) $ 8,113 $ 8,299 (2%) (5%) Primary Care $ 7,938 $ 8,911 (11%) (13%) $ 3,547 $ 3,983 (11%) $ 4,391 $ 4,928 (11%) (14%) Eliquis(b) 2,020 1,832 10% 8% 1,235 1,126 10% 785 705 11% 4% Prevnar family(c) 1,708 1,558 10% 8% 966 944 2% 742 614 21% 18% Comirnaty 2,271 3,383 (33%) (35%) 387 665 (42%) 1,883 2,718 (31%) (33%) Paxlovid(d) 218 727 (70%) (70%) 95 435 (78%) 123 293 (58%) (59%) Nurtec ODT/Vydura 405 392 3% 3% 377 373 1% 27 20 40% 35% Abrysvo 481 198 * * 168 104 61% 313 94 * * FSME-IMMUN/TicoVac 47 34 38% 29% — — — 47 34 39% 29% All other Primary Care 789 787 — (1%) 317 336 (6%) 472 451 5% 2% Specialty Care $ 4,771 $ 4,438 8% 6% $ 2,157 $ 2,079 4% $ 2,614 $ 2,359 11% 8% Vyndaqel family(e) 1,688 1,545 9% 7% 910 975 (7%) 778 570 37% 30% Xeljanz 324 349 (7%) (8%) 194 221 (13%) 131 128 2% (1%) Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 169 170 — — — — — 169 170 — — Inflectra 181 127 42% 42% 157 64 * 24 64 (63%) (63%) Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 181 159 14% 10% — — — 181 159 14% 10% Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 180 183 (2%) (5%) — — — 180 183 (2%) (5%) Genotropin 117 112 5% 2% 19 10 81% 98 101 (3%) (6%) Octagam 120 109 10% 10% 120 109 10% — — — — Zithromax 113 122 (7%) (8%) — — — 113 122 (7%) (8%) Cresemba 83 67 23% 17% — — — 83 67 23% 17% Cibinqo 78 64 23% 22% 37 29 28% 42 35 19% 17% All other Hospital 1,059 1,085 (2%) (3%) 497 523 (5%) 562 562 — (2%) All other Specialty Care 477 345 38% 37% 223 148 51% 253 197 29% 27% Oncology $ 4,435 $ 4,064 9% 8% $ 3,327 $ 3,051 9% $ 1,108 $ 1,012 9% 7% Ibrance 1,040 1,095 (5%) (7%) 686 713 (4%) 354 382 (7%) (12%) Xtandi(f) 592 565 5% 5% 592 565 5% — — — — Padcev 508 444 15% 15% 500 433 16% 8 11 (24%) (23%) Oncology biosimilars(g) 369 209 77% 76% 266 116 * 104 93 11% 8% Lorbrena 282 192 46% 45% 112 95 18% 169 97 74% 70% Inlyta 235 242 (3%) (4%) 131 145 (10%) 104 97 8% 6% Adcetris(h) 220 285 (23%) (23%) 213 276 (23%) 6 9 (33%) (31%) Braftovi/Mektovi 197 170 16% 16% 183 163 12% 14 7 99% 97% Bosulif 161 171 (6%) (6%) 135 128 6% 26 44 (39%) (40%) Tukysa 119 129 (8%) (9%) 84 106 (21%) 35 23 55% 47% Aromasin 117 90 30% 30% 1 1 (12%) 116 89 30% 30% Orgovyx(i) 136 64 * * 136 64 * — — — — Elrexfio 74 57 30% 30% 41 32 26% 33 25 34% 37% Talzenna 49 27 83% 80% 36 18 97% 13 9 51% 43% Tivdak 32 36 (13%) (12%) 34 34 — (2) 2 * * All other Oncology 303 286 6% 5% 178 163 9% 126 123 2% — PFIZER CENTREONE(j) $ 409 $ 325 26% 22% $ 84 $ 82 2% $ 325 $ 243 34% 29% PFIZER IGNITE $ 4 $ 26 (83%) (83%) $ 4 $ 26 (83%) $ — $ — — — Total Alliance revenues included above $ 2,582 $ 2,248 15% 14% $ 1,828 $ 1,641 11% $ 753 $ 607 24% 19% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 480 $ 431 11% 11% $ 477 $ 429 11% $ 3 $ 2 52% 48% See end of tables for notes. PFIZER INC. - REVENUES FOURTH-QUARTER 2025 and 2024 - (UNAUDITED) - 21 -

2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change 2025 2024 % Change (MILLIONS) Total Oper. Total Total Oper. TOTAL REVENUES $ 62,579 $ 63,627 (2%) (2%) $ 37,078 $ 38,691 (4%) $ 25,501 $ 24,936 2% 1% GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA)(a) $ 61,199 $ 62,400 (2%) (2%) $ 36,708 $ 38,332 (4%) $ 24,491 $ 24,068 2% 1% Primary Care $ 26,820 $ 30,135 (11%) (12%) $ 15,898 $ 18,783 (15%) $ 10,921 $ 11,352 (4%) (5%) Eliquis(b) 7,961 7,366 8% 7% 5,148 4,803 7% 2,813 2,563 10% 7% Prevnar family(c) 6,494 6,411 1% 1% 4,151 4,233 (2%) 2,342 2,178 8% 7% Comirnaty 4,367 5,353 (18%) (20%) 1,663 2,004 (17%) 2,705 3,349 (19%) (21%) Paxlovid(d) 2,362 5,716 (59%) (59%) 1,891 4,616 (59%) 470 1,100 (57%) (57%) Nurtec ODT/Vydura 1,424 1,263 13% 13% 1,322 1,193 11% 102 69 46% 44% Abrysvo 1,033 755 37% 36% 542 594 (9%) 491 160 * * FSME-IMMUN/TicoVac 319 280 14% 10% 3 3 13% 316 277 14% 10% All other Primary Care 2,860 2,991 (4%) (4%) 1,177 1,336 (12%) 1,683 1,655 2% 2% Specialty Care $ 17,546 $ 16,652 5% 5% $ 8,297 $ 7,981 4% $ 9,249 $ 8,671 7% 6% Vyndaqel family(e) 6,380 5,451 17% 16% 3,834 3,547 8% 2,546 1,904 34% 30% Xeljanz 1,087 1,168 (7%) (7%) 625 680 (8%) 462 488 (5%) (6%) Sulperazon (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 653 637 2% 3% — — — 653 637 2% 3% Inflectra 646 509 27% 27% 511 268 91% 134 241 (44%) (43%) Zavicefta (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 638 586 9% 9% — — — 638 586 9% 9% Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) 627 690 (9%) (9%) — — — 627 690 (9%) (9%) Genotropin 446 470 (5%) (5%) 79 96 (18%) 367 374 (2%) (1%) Octagam 418 509 (18%) (18%) 418 509 (18%) — — — — Zithromax 399 480 (17%) (16%) — 1 (66%) 399 479 (17%) (16%) Cresemba 349 281 24% 22% — — — 349 281 24% 22% Cibinqo 284 215 32% 32% 115 90 28% 169 126 35% 34% All other Hospital 4,030 4,167 (3%) (3%) 2,000 2,038 (2%) 2,030 2,129 (5%) (4%) All other Specialty Care 1,588 1,489 7% 7% 715 753 (5%) 874 736 19% 20% Oncology $ 16,834 $ 15,612 8% 8% $ 12,512 $ 11,567 8% $ 4,321 $ 4,045 7% 6% Ibrance 4,122 4,367 (6%) (6%) 2,710 2,849 (5%) 1,412 1,518 (7%) (9%) Xtandi(f) 2,194 2,039 8% 8% 2,194 2,039 8% — — — — Padcev 1,940 1,588 22% 22% 1,902 1,561 22% 38 27 42% 43% Oncology biosimilars(g) 1,301 1,037 25% 26% 914 628 46% 387 409 (5%) (5%) Lorbrena 1,023 731 40% 40% 407 306 33% 616 424 45% 44% Inlyta 923 978 (6%) (6%) 516 588 (12%) 407 391 4% 4% Adcetris(h) 907 1,089 (17%) (17%) 885 1,059 (16%) 23 30 (25%) (23%) Braftovi/Mektovi 716 607 18% 18% 672 580 16% 45 27 67% 71% Bosulif 611 645 (5%) (5%) 488 460 6% 124 185 (33%) (34%) Tukysa 463 480 (4%) (4%) 352 389 (10%) 111 91 22% 18% Aromasin 450 347 30% 30% 2 2 (21%) 448 345 30% 30% Orgovyx(i) 421 201 * * 421 201 * — — — — Elrexfio 304 133 * * 143 88 63% 161 45 * * Talzenna 182 117 55% 54% 133 88 51% 50 30 67% 63% Tivdak 147 131 13% 13% 140 126 11% 7 5 59% 59% All other Oncology 1,127 1,122 — 1% 635 603 5% 492 519 (5%) (5%) PFIZER CENTREONE(j) $ 1,338 $ 1,146 17% 15% $ 329 $ 278 18% $ 1,010 $ 868 16% 15% PFIZER IGNITE $ 41 $ 82 (50%) (50%) $ 41 $ 82 (50%) $ — $ — — — Total Alliance revenues included above $ 9,266 $ 8,388 10% 10% $ 7,209 $ 6,575 10% $ 2,057 $ 1,813 13% 11% Total Royalty revenues included above $ 1,650 $ 1,423 16% 16% $ 1,639 $ 1,418 16% $ 11 $ 6 94% 91% PFIZER INC. - REVENUES TWELVE MONTHS 2025 and 2024 - (UNAUDITED) - 22 -

PFIZER INC. NOTES TO REVENUES TABLE INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (a) In 2025, the commercial structure within our Biopharma reportable segment is composed of the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division and the Pfizer International Commercial Division. For additional information regarding our commercial organizational structure, see the Item 1. Business––Commercial Operations section of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K (available at www.pfizer.com). (b) Reflects alliance revenues and product revenues. (c) Prevnar family includes revenues from Prevnar 20/Prevenar 20 (pediatric and adult) and Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 (pediatric and adult). (d) Full-year 2024 included a $771 million favorable final adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2024 to the estimated non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting 5.1 million EUA-labeled treatment courses returned by the U.S. government through February 29, 2024 versus the estimated 6.5 million treatment courses that were expected to be returned as of December 31, 2023. Full-year 2024 also included $442 million of revenue in connection with the creation of a U.S. Strategic National Stockpile of 1.0 million treatment courses, which we supplied at no cost to the U.S. government or taxpayers. (e) Vyndaqel family includes global revenues from Vyndaqel, as well as revenues for Vyndamax in the U.S. and Vynmac in Japan. (f) Primarily reflects alliance revenues and royalty revenues. (g) Biosimilars are highly similar versions of approved and authorized biological medicines. Oncology biosimilars primarily include Ruxience, Retacrit, Zirabev, Trazimera and Nivestym. (h) Reflects product revenues and royalty revenues. (i) Reflects alliance revenues. (j) Pfizer CentreOne (PC1) includes revenues from our contract manufacturing and our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with legacy Pfizer businesses/partnerships. * Indicates calculation not meaningful or results are greater than 100%. Amounts may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. - 23 -

DISCLOSURE NOTICE: Except where otherwise noted, the information contained in this earnings release and the related attachments is as of February 3, 2026. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this earnings release and the related attachments as a result of new information or future events or developments. This earnings release and the related attachments contain forward-looking statements about, among other topics, our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections; reorganizations; business plans, strategy, goals and prospects; expectations for our product pipeline (including products from completed or anticipated acquisitions), in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches, discontinuations, clinical trial results and other developing data, revenue contribution and projections, pricing and reimbursement, market dynamics, including demand, market size and utilization rates and growth, performance, timing and duration of exclusivity and potential benefits; the impact and potential impact of tariffs and pricing dynamics; strategic reviews; leverage and capital allocation objectives; an enterprise-wide cost realignment program (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); a Manufacturing Optimization Program to reduce our cost of goods sold (including anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits); dividends and share repurchases; plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, including our acquisitions of Metsera and Seagen and our in-licensing agreements with 3SBio and YaoPharma, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities and prospects; our voluntary agreement with the U.S. Government designed to lower drug costs for U.S. patients and to include certain Pfizer products on the TrumpRx.gov platform, Pfizer’s plans to further invest in U.S. manufacturing and potential tariff impacts; manufacturing and product supply; our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and the expected seasonality of demand for certain of our products. Given their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions and we cannot assure you that any outcome expressed in these forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use future dates or use words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning. Pfizer’s financial guidance is based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of research and development (R&D) activities, including the ability to meet anticipated preclinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; and uncertainties regarding the future development of our product candidates, including whether or when our product candidates will advance to future studies or phases of development or whether or when regulatory applications may be filed for any of our product candidates, including as a result of clinical trial data or regulatory decisions or feedback that could impact the future development of our product candidates, including our vaccine candidates such as our next generation pneumococcal conjugate vaccine candidate; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; • regulatory decisions impacting labeling, approval or authorization, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain or maintain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing/reimbursement, approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the conduct or outcome of post-approval - 24 -

clinical trials, pharmacovigilance or Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential; • the success and impact of external business development activities, such as the November 2025 acquisition of Metsera, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all, including the possibility that such transactions do not close; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business or operations relationships; risks related to achieving or growing revenues for certain acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products remains endemic and seasonal and/or COVID-19 infection rates do not follow prior patterns, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, which has in the past and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory or other unanticipated charges; risks related to our ability to develop, receive regulatory approval for, and commercialize variant adapted vaccines, combinations and/or treatments; uncertainties related to recommendations and coverage for, and the public’s adherence to, vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations, including uncertainties related to the potential impact of narrowing recommended patient populations; whether or when our EUAs or biologics licenses will expire, terminate or be revoked; risks related to our ability to accurately predict or achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments; and potential third-party royalties or other claims related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of global trade tensions, as well as currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation or deflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; • any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications or disputes related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other payors; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and changes in global financial markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions, tariffs and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes; - 25 -

• risks and uncertainties related to issued or future executive orders or other new, or changes in, laws, regulations or policy regarding tariffs or other trade or foreign policy and/or the impact of any potential U.S. Governmental shutdowns, including impacts on governmental agencies due to a shutdown; • the risk and impact of tariffs on our business, which is subject to a number of factors including, but not limited to, restrictions on trade, the effective date and duration of such tariffs, countries included in the scope of tariffs, changes to amounts of tariffs, and potential retaliatory tariffs or other retaliatory actions imposed by other countries; • the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters; • any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action and the resulting economic or other consequences; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, such as our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines, and our voluntary withdrawal of all lots of Oxbryta in all markets where it is approved and any regulatory or other impact on Oxbryta and other sickle cell disease assets; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including any potential future phases, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs, organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate-related goals and progress our environmental and other sustainability priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings: • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation, including executive orders or other change in laws, regulations or policy, or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B Drug Pricing Program or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) and the IRA Medicare Part D Redesign, government cuts to Affordable Care Act (ACA) subsidies, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • risks and uncertainties related to the impact of Pfizer’s voluntary agreement with the U.S. Government designed to lower drug costs for U.S. patients and to include certain Pfizer products on the TrumpRx.gov platform, Pfizer’s plans to further invest in U.S. manufacturing and potential tariff impacts, including risks relating to entering into final agreements with the U.S. Government, which are currently being negotiated; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, including international reference pricing (including Most-Favored-Nation drug pricing), intellectual property, product approval processes and pathways, reimbursement or access to or recommendations for our medicines and vaccines, tax changes or other restrictions on U.S. direct-toconsumer advertising; limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets; • risks and uncertainties related to changes to vaccine or other healthcare policy in the U.S., including: (i) risks and uncertainties relating to the evolving vaccine landscape; and (ii) the FDA's recently adopted policy of disclosing Complete Response Letters for unapproved drug candidates and the attendant risk of disclosure of trade secrets or confidential commercial information; • legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, data protection and cybersecurity, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain products to control costs in those markets; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to legal proceedings and actual or alleged environmental contamination; - 26 -

• the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws, regulations and policies affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, as well as changes in such laws, regulations or policies or their interpretation, including, among others, new or changes in tariffs, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., including the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which was enacted on July 4, 2025, and is still subject to further guidance; the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024, government cost-cutting measures and related impacts on, among other matters, government staffing, resources and ability to timely review and process regulatory or other submissions; restrictions related to certain data transfers, including data security, data localization and cross border data transfer regulations, and transactions involving certain countries; and potential changes to existing tax laws, tariffs, or changes to other laws, regulations or policies in the U.S., including by the U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, as well as in other countries; Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Cybersecurity: • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; • risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in loss of patent coverage; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure from, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products; • any significant breakdown or interruption of our information technology systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); • any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack, which may include those using adversarial artificial intelligence techniques, or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; and • risks and challenges related to the use of software, systems and services that include artificial intelligencebased functionality and other emerging technologies. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. A further list and description of risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, in each case including in the sections thereof captioned “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in our subsequent reports on Form 8-K. This earnings release may include discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/ or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. The information contained on our website or any third-party website is not incorporated by reference into this earnings release. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their owners. Certain of the products and product candidates discussed in this earnings release are being co-researched, codeveloped and/or co-promoted in collaboration with other companies for which Pfizer’s rights vary by market or are the subject of agreements pursuant to which Pfizer has commercialization rights in certain markets. - 27 -