=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Page 1 of 22 Ford Motor Company First Quarter 2026 Earnings Conference Call Wednesday, April 29, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Jim Farley - President and Chief Executive Officer Sherry House - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Frick - President, Ford Blue and Model e Alicia Boler Davis - President, Ford Pro Kumar Galhotra - Chief Operating Officer Cathy O’Callaghan - Chief Executive Officer, Ford Credit Lynn Antipas Tyson - Chief Investor Relations Officer

Page 2 of 22

PRESENTATION Operator: Good day, everyone. My name is Layla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome you to the Ford Motor Company First Quarter 2026 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, please use the raise hand function, which can be found on the black bar at the bottom of your screen. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Lynn Antipas Tyson, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Lynn Antipas Tyson: Thank you, Layla, and welcome to Ford Motor Company's first quarter 2026 earnings call. With me today are Jim Farley, president and CEO, and Sherry House, CFO. Joining us for Q&A is Andrew Frick, president of Ford Blue and Model e, Alicia Boler Davis, president of Ford Pro, Kumar Galhotra, Chief Operating Officer, and Cathy O'Callaghan, CEO of Ford Credit. Jim will give a high-level overview of the business, and Sherry will provide added texture on the financials and guidance. We'll be referring to non-GAAP measures today. These are reconciled to the most comparable US GAAP measures in the appendix of our earnings deck. You can find the deck at shareholder.ford.com. Our discussion also includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ. The most significant risk factors are included on page 19 of our deck. Unless otherwise noted, all comparisons are year-over-year, company EBIT, EPS, and free cash flow are on an adjusted basis. Upcoming IR engagements include Navin Kumar, CFO of Ford Pro at the Deutsche Bank Global Auto Industry Conference in New York on May 19th. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Farley. Jim Farley: Thank you, Lynn, and thanks to all of you for joining us. I wanted to thank the Ford team, all of our dealers, and our partners for a strong start to this year. Our results this quarter, $43.3 billion in revenue, $3.5 billion in adjusted EBIT reflect a sharp execution and the momentum we're building for our Ford+ plan. Accordingly, we're raising our full year adjusted EBIT guidance to between $8.5 and $10.5 billion. These results are encouraging, but the bigger story is the modern Ford that's now taking shape. For five years, we have relentlessly built the foundation of Ford+. We

Page 3 of 22

strengthened our industrial system, made real progress on quality cost, and advanced our software capability and customer experience. Earlier this month, we took the next step in that evolution by establishing an end-to-end organization, product creation, and industrialization. We unified our advanced technology, digital, and design teams with our global industrial system. This change aligns with the most intensive product and software rollout in our history. By 2030, almost all of our global volume will feature next-generation electric architectures and in-house software. This applies to every propulsion type as we deliver and scale high-quality, software-defined vehicles. This new organization allows for faster decision-making and reduced complexity. This is the moment we integrate the digital soul of the vehicle, the software, all the silicon, and the user experience with our world-class industrial execution. Among other things, this alignment will support our high-margin software and physical services revenue, which was over $15 billion last year. And we expect to grow that $15 billion nearly 8% annually through the end of the decade. This service growth is driven by offering customers indispensable digital experiences and investing in aftermarket sales, with a focus on customer uptime, expanding our parts catalog, and enhancing our service network. We're also leaning into the skunkworks model to improve all of Ford. They've done an incredible job creating the UEV Platform, which represents a step change in efficiency and cost, especially for the EV market. But at Ford, we're now integrating these skunkwork breakthroughs back into our mainstream products and processes. We're applying their advanced tools and physicsbased cost modeling to the highest volume internal combustion and hybrid lines. This, of course, will reduce our cost and improve quality across the board. Our product pipeline is aggressive. Between now and '29, we will refresh 80% of our North America portfolio and 70% of our global portfolio by volume. This includes the next-generation F-150 and Super Duty among many others. It also includes the launch of our Universal EV Platform in 2027 from our Louisville Assembly plant in Kentucky. We are scaling that plant for significant volume to accommodate a variety of vehicles off that single platform. And speaking of electrification, our strategy remains focused on powertrain choice, not nameplate complexity. By the end of the decade, 90% of our global nameplates will offer electrified powertrains, including advanced hybrids, extended range electric vehicles, and full EVs. Our financial health is driven by a leaner, more effective industrial system. We're on track to deliver another over $1 billion in material and warranty cost improvements this year, and we will never stop. Our focus on quality is paying off. JD Powers recently ranked forward number four in the 2026 US Customer Service Index, our best performance in 30 years.

Page 4 of 22

Finally, we remain resilient in the face of global uncertainty. Regarding the conflict in the Middle East, of course, our priority is our team and the safety of them. We're monitoring the situation and working to minimize risk and find opportunities in much the same way we have navigated the pandemic, the semiconductor shortage, tariff headwinds, and others. We have the muscle memory to find cost offsets, adjust our product mix quickly, and proactively manage our supply chain in times of stress and crisis. My main message today is this: Ford is a fundamentally stronger, more modern company. We have a foundation built on industrial fitness, we have the technology, and we now have the unified organization to not just deliver, but to compete to win. Ford is focused on execution, quality, and thrilling our customers. Over to you, Sherry. Sherry House: Thank you, Jim. And hello, everyone. Before I walk you through the details of our performance this quarter, let me start with a few items I know are top of mind for you. First, in Q1, we recognized a $1.3 billion benefit related to IEEPA tariffs. This one-time adjustment largely benefits Ford Blue and Ford Pro at about $700 million and $500 million respectively. They are related to IEEPA tariffs paid between March 2025 and February 2026. Second, our Novelis recovery is progressing as expected. We still expect a $1 billion improvement in EBIT year-over-year, weighted towards the second half. This is net of $1.5 billion to $2 billion of one-time incremental costs to secure alternatively sourced aluminum until the Novelis facility is operating at full throughput later this year. Third, relative to US inventory, we expect to remain within our target of 55 to 65 retail days supply for the year. F-Series sales remain healthy as inventory recovers from the Novelis supply disruption. America's best-selling truck delivered year-over-year retail share improvement of 30 basis points in March, and we are carrying that momentum into Q2. Our team is effectively managing tight retail days supply by helping dealers fill inventory gaps while ensuring high-demand trim levels are an ample supply. We are also producing a richer mix of product as we continue to ramp Novelis. And importantly, on average, we are spending less on incentives than our competitors. In fact, for the quarter, F-150 had the highest retail share, highest average transaction price, and the lowest incentive spend per unit versus our key competition. Now turning to the quarter. We delivered adjusted EBIT of $3.5 billion or $2.2 billion excluding the impact of the IEEPA. The strength in the quarter versus our original guidance was primarily supported by a change in calendarization of cost improvements and timing of investments, growth in software and physical services and higher net pricing. Our global revenue grew by over 6% despite a nearly 4% decline in volume, which was expected as we exited low-margin products like Escape in North America and Focus in Europe. In the US, we had our highest Q1 share of revenue in five years, led by large utilities and trucks.

Page 5 of 22

Adjusted free cashflow was a use of $1.9 billion in the quarter, more than explained by unfavorable timing differences, higher net spending, and changes in working capital. On a full year basis, we expect timing differences and working capital to be favorable. Our balance sheet is strong with $22 billion in cash and over $43 billion in liquidity, and we remain committed to our investment grade rating. We repaid our convertible debt without refinancing it, and also relaunched our anti-dilutive share repurchase program, which we completed in the quarter. And earlier this month, we successfully renewed our $18 billion corporate credit facilities for another year. Our strong liquidity position provides us with the flexibility to manage in this dynamic environment and invest in higher return growth opportunities like Ford Energy. It also allows us to pay consistent shareholder distributions. In fact, yesterday we announced a declaration of our second quarter regular dividend of $0.15 per share payable on June 1st to shareholders of record on May 12th. Now turning to segment highlights. Ford Pro achieved EBIT of $1.7 billion against the backdrop of Novelis-related production disruptions. Ford Pro continues to deliver higher margins through a powerful ecosystem of vehicles, software, and physical services. We are scaling rapidly and increasing recurring revenue, which bolsters resiliency. In fact, paid software subscriptions grew to 879,000, a 30% year-over-year increase. By integrating innovations like Ford Pro AI, we can help commercial fleet managers instantly identify maintenance needs, leverage large data models on fuel usage to lower costs, and optimize routes amongst other features all designed to provide better predictability, productivity, and profitability, which our customers require. As we look ahead, the 2027 model year order books are just starting to open, and we are seeing positive early indicators. Ford Blue delivered $1.9 billion in EBIT, supported by the sustained sales performance of F-Series and go-to-market discipline, evidenced by Q1 incentive spend below industry average. Additionally, our off-road performance trends now account for nearly a quarter of US sales, and Maverick and F-150 continue as the best-selling hybrids in their segments. Importantly, Ford Blue's Q1 performance highlights the strength of the underlying business and excluding IEEPA is representative of its ongoing run rate. For Ford Model e, EBIT was a loss of $777 million as we now start to benefit from the portfolio changes announced in December. In addition to investing in a leaner, more profitable portfolio, we are actively matching supply with demand globally to optimize profitability. And in the quarter, we benefited from a nearly 35% improvement in our Gen 1 losses. We also continue to step up our incremental $1 billion investment in UEV platform and Ford Energy as we progress throughout the year ahead of their launches in 2027. As a result, we expect first quarter to be the strongest quarter for Model e this year. Ford Credit delivered a solid quarter, with EBT of $783 million, up $200 million, reflecting improvements in financing margin and enabled by a high quality book of business. Results also benefited from favorable performance on our derivatives. Our

Page 6 of 22

portfolio performance is strong, and we maintain a highly disciplined approach to capital reserve and risk management practices. So let me turn to our 2026 outlook. For the full year, we now expect company-adjusted EBIT of $8.5 billion to $10.5 billion, adjusted free cash flow of $5 billion to $6 billion, and capital expenditures of $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion, which reflects our shift toward higher return growth opportunities, including $1.5 billion for Ford Energy this year. Our guidance does not include the potential impacts of a sustained conflict in the Middle East or a significant downturn in the US economy, which could have a material impact on industry demand. Our full year segment outlook stays steady, with Ford Pro EBIT of $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion, Model e losses of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, Ford Credit EBT of about $2.5 billion. And for Ford Blue, we have increased our guidance by $500 million to $4.5 billion to $5 billion, driven by a stronger underlying business. Our guidance continues to assume a US SAAR of 16 million to 16.5 million units in flat industry pricing. Now some context and important puts and takes for the year. We have the $1.3 billion one time IEEPA tariff benefit, but we now expect commodity headwinds of just above $2 billion, about $1 billion higher than our previous estimate, largely due to higher aluminum pricing driven by global supply constraints. Note though, this excludes Novelis-related aluminum costs. The impact of ongoing tariffs is unchanged at about $1 billion and is now a part of our run rate costs. This excludes the IEEPA benefit and Novelis temporary costs. As Jim mentioned, we're on track for $1 billion improvement in material costs and warranty reductions on top of $1.5 billion of cost reductions we delivered in 2025. We continue to expect a net $1 billion improvement from the Novelis recovery. And as I mentioned earlier, about $1 billion of incremental investment in Model e to support the ramp of UEV platform and Ford Energy. Our Q1 performance highlights the benefits of our Ford Plus priorities, rigorously optimizing revenue across every segment through leading products and high-growth services, improving operating leverage and exercising smart, accretive capital allocation decisions. The increase in our full year adjusted EBIT guidance underscores these benefits. Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to the operator so we can take your questions. Operator: If you would like to ask a question, please use the raise hand function, which can be found on the black bar at the bottom of your screen. To leave time for as many questions as possible, please limit to one question. Your first question will come from Joseph Spak with UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Joseph Spak: Good afternoon, everyone. Sherry, maybe just to pick up right up on the commodity increase, you mentioned about a billion. I'm just trying to contextualize what you're assuming here because I think in the past you talked about, call it an $8 billion steel aluminum buy. I think 40% of that is aluminum. There's been some hedging. And this is

Page 7 of 22

really only nine months, so I know prices have really gone up, but it looks like a pretty big number. So I just want to help understand what you're thinking for the balance of the year and then how you would advise investors to think about that rate heading into '27. Sherry House: Sure. Well, it's going to be a bit hard to be able to predict 2027 at this point, given the volatility that we've seen in the commodities. But let me just tell you in the near term what I'm seeing. So with respect to steel and aluminum, in particular, even before the Middle East situation started, we were already seeing global industry shortages, and that was first. Then you had the Middle East, and then you have to remember that Ford also has the aluminum supply shortage with respect to our primary aluminum supplier, which is Novelis. These costs are not related to Novelis. We've packaged those separately. We talk about those separately. And when I talk about a $1 billion year-overyear improvement due to Novelis, that includes all the tariff costs. But this is related to the exposures that we have in aluminum and steel predominantly. Joseph Spak: And then I guess just the second question, maybe is there any update you could provide us on the Novelis timeline? I think there was some preliminary thought it could come online in the summer. Are we on track there? And if that happens, how are you thinking about that headwind you mentioned? I'm just trying to figure out the phasing timing, because I guess my prior assumption was that most of that Novelis headwind would've been more in the first half if it was expected to ramp through the year, but I'm not quite certain that's still the case. So maybe you could just help us with some of that cost phasing time. Kumar Galhotra: Joe, this is Kumar. Your assumption is correct. We are still expecting the hot mill to restart in May. There are two aspects of bringing any mill back online. There's the restart itself, and then there's the ramp-up. So all the enablers for both of these aspects are on track. In the event the relaunch doesn't go according to plan, we do have contingency plans in place. That means we have additional aluminum supply to ensure our plant production schedules aren't interrupted. So the mill should be back online, and if we have any hiccups, we have contingency plans for the rest of the year. Jim Farley: And Joe, as you would expect, it's Jim. We have by grade, we have several grades, by step in the process. We track it every day. We know exactly the situation we have, the float we have. And we also have learned how to back up the aluminum supply, as Kumar said, in case the mill ramps slower or the actual start date is later.

Page 8 of 22

Joseph Spak: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Dan Levy with Barclays. Dan, I see you've unmuted. Please go ahead. Dan Levy Hi, can you hear me now? Operator: We can. Yes, go ahead. Dan Levy: Thanks for taking the questions. We know within the guidance that effectively the IEEPA refund is being offset by the raw mats, so really the net of the guidance improvements coming from improved operations. Maybe you can just comment on the improved operations beyond the warranty material, which looks like that's consistent. And how much runway do you have on this? And can this offset any increases in raw mats that you might be seeing in '27, just given the staggering of costs that are going to be hitting? Sherry House: So as we look at what's basically the basis of our $1 billion raise versus guidance, it's going to be software and physical services is one of the biggest components there. The Ford Pro business continues to have very high paid subscribers. We now are up at 879,000, as I said in some of our prepared remarks. That's 30% on a year-over-year basis. The enterprise is also doing quite well across the physical services and the software. The other item that was really big for us in Q1 was the net pricing. As we said, the share of revenue, highest in five years. And this was really led, as we said, by fullsize utilities and trucks. And then we did have some timing differences in cost. So some items hit in Q1 that we were expecting to hit in Q2, and that was very favorable for us. So when we took all that underlying performance into consideration, we felt that half a billion dollars was the amount to be able to pull through for the full year, and that's why our guidance reflects that. Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Percoco with Morgan Stanley.

Page 9 of 22

Andrew Percoco: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I did want to come back to the guidance here, and maybe I'm missing some of the moving pieces, but if I just look at your first quarter performance, $3.5 billion of adjusted EBIT. I think you had been essentially signaling sequentially flat, which would've been $1.1 billion for the first quarter. So you essentially beat by $2.5 billion in the first quarter, of which a little bit over one is from IEEPA. But even though that's offset by some incremental cost headwinds on the commodity side, it would imply downside or some incremental costs elsewhere if your guide is only increasing by $500 million. So can you maybe just help us break down some of those moving pieces in case I'm missing anything in that bridge? Sherry House: I don't think you're missing anything in the bridge. It's just, as I said, we had the three components that were really driving this performance and we're pulling through the amount of it that is sustainable. Some of it was timing differences, so we didn't want to put timing differences into a guidance raise. Andrew Percoco: Got it. And then Jim, maybe one for you. There's been a lot of headlines recently around some potential partnerships between Ford and some of the Chinese OEMs, and even outside of Ford, there's just a lot of focus in the marketplace around some of these vehicles coming out of China eventually potentially making their way into the U.S. Can you just give us your updated thoughts on what that could look like and maybe any involvement that you might be interested in doing there? Jim Farley: Sure. I'm sure glad there is a lot of focus on it. As America's largest auto producer, we are totally dedicated to a thriving U.S. auto industry, and of course, safeguarding our country's industrial base. And that's just not economic vitality. It's also national security as a country. And when we see China and Japan and South Korea, they've really prioritized their domestic auto industry and manufacturing for these same reasons that I mentioned. I would say, to answer your question, we leverage global partnerships and even IP sharing, including with the Chinese OEs to grow our business around the world. But we are really fully committed to a level playing field here in the U.S. and also safeguarding our home market because of the importance of the auto industry in an industrial base. So how I would think about it is, Ford continues to be a global company. We want to have the rights to win around the globe. We need IP and partnerships outside the U.S. to do that. And when it comes to the U.S. industry itself, we are extremely protective, as we should be, like China, South Korea and Japan are. What that means in specific policies, that will play out in our strategy as a company. But as America's number one auto producer, you can understand our perspective.

Page 10 of 22

Andrew Percoco: That's great. Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Alex Perry with Bank of America. Alex Perry: Hi, thanks for taking my questions here. In the materials, I thought it was interesting. I think you said that off-road performance trims to count for 25% of the overall sales mix. Can you give us a little bit more on the strategy here and a little more color on how this has trended historically? Is the strategy to prioritize some of these higher margin trims while production remains constrained? And maybe just remind us on the profitability of some of these off-road trims versus company average. Thanks. Andrew Frick: Thanks. This is Andrew. Thanks for the question. Yes, that is part of our strategy. It's a big piece of why our Blue business is doing well overall. In fact, if you look at our wholesales this past quarter, in the first quarter, they were relatively flat, but we had an improved mix of Explorer and Expedition. We phased out Escape. We're in the selldown of that and our F-series remained strong. And we actually, we grew our share in the offroad space 25% of our volume, but our share actually grew by seven-tenths of a point, which was really important. And that's because we're able to lean into across multiple vehicles now, series like Tremor and Raptor and really drive those mixes. So it is relatively more profitable and it all plays back to our overall strategy of leaning into our profit pillars and winning with passion products. Jim Farley: No boring products. Alex Perry: Perfect. Really helpful. And just to follow up on commodities, can you just remind us how you're hedged across the various commodities? And with the $2 billion commodity headwind, does this assume that prices stay where they are today? So if they were to come down, this would provide a little bit of cushion in the guide? Sherry House: Yes. The forward forecast that we gave you does, the guidance we gave you assumes that they stay where they are, which as you would know, the forward curves are up. We have a large number of contract types that we use. In some cases, we have fixed costs, other contracts, multi-year contracts. We have a lot of contracts that are based on

Page 11 of 22

indices and the impact is a quarter lagging. So you're going to have a range there. We also look at natural hedges that we have in our business as well. So when we look to hedge, we're taking the entire portfolio into consideration, and we feel that we've got a pretty good handle to be able to provide you what we did in terms of commodities for the balance of the year. If they go up substantially from here, we obviously will be back sharing that with you. But you're right, if they go down, that will be a net positive to the business. Alex Perry: Perfect. Incredibly helpful. Best of luck going forward. Jim Farley: Thank you. Sherry House: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Mark Delaney: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking the questions. I was hoping to start on the comments the company spoke about in his prepared remarks on software and physical services. I think you said you expect the $15 billion of revenue coming from those areas to grow at a nearly 8% rate annually through the end of the decade, which is a pretty good outlook over several years. So can you help investors to better understand what's driving that degree of revenue growth over the coming years? And more importantly, what does that mean for EBIT? Jim Farley: Sure. This has been a critical part of our path to 8%, and we've been planning for many years. As you can imagine, before I answer your question directly, we've had to invest a lot in our advanced electrical architectures, and our dealers haven't had to invest a lot in dealer capacity for the service. Really, our focus is on two key areas. We have a lot more focus than these two, but these are the ones driving our business. The first is our after sales parts business. This is a really key focus for the Ford team. We see growth in Pro. Our dealers are massively investing in capacity for Pro, but we're also becoming a lot more successful in wholesaling parts from our dealers to third-party repair shops throughout the U.S. As I mentioned, we're going to expand our parts catalog, in terms of price and diversity, and we're going to start to focus on not just Ford parts, but multimake parts. And I think the other key distinguishing element for Ford is that we have started to really get good at remote service. Almost 20% of all Ford's repair now is done

Page 12 of 22

outside the dealership at our customer's location. And for our pro customers, they're especially excited about this because they don't have to come into the dealership. And this has really expanded our revenue on after sales. Inside the company, we're very focused on improving our repair order duration. That gives our dealers more capacity, so to speak, without having to build any more capacity. I think you know our growth in ADAS, our growth in Pro Intelligent that Sherry mentioned are both signature parts of our integrated services that seem to be growing about 30% to 40% a quarter with very high margins. When you look at the margins of the part business and the software business, this $15 billion that will be growing at 8% a year is highly profitable for the company. It also has a different revenue risk than our vehicle business. It's more of an annuity and a lot of it tends to be anti-cyclical. That means that when the car business goes down, people tend to repair their vehicles. So this fitness we're developing on the parts side will help us on the anti-cyclical side. That gives you, I think, some window and hopefully we'll be giving you more and more insights as to our ADAS strategy and Pro Intelligence product rollout in the coming years. Mark: This is very helpful. My other question was on the pickup market, and Ford obviously has a very strong franchise in that segment with the F series, but you've also spoken to adding more product with the UEV-based pickup model coming, and then also the ICE truck you've talked about coming out of the Tennessee factory. We're also seeing competitors lean into that segment more. So as you think about all the new models coming into the pickup space, maybe talk more on how much of the market you think pickups can make up in the future. And then as you think about more supply coming into pickups, what are implications for profit margins in that important category? Thanks. Andrew Frick: Yeah, thank you for that question, Mark. This is Andrew. And I think it's important when you talk about the truck business, maybe to look at it through the lens of both retail and commercial, because they're both really important parts of both customer groups. On the retail side, the truck business has historically been with the full size pickup and medium pickup, but what we've been able to do is really expand the pickup segments themselves. Maverick has created a whole new segment, and we've been able to really take advantage of that. In fact, if you look at the trends in the market, you've seen a lot of car buyers go into truck and even utilities go into truck. And we think that trend will continue, especially with the type of packaging that we're going to be able to provide. It worked on Maverick and we are really excited about the UEV pickup and the packaging that that has to really appeal to not just truck buyers, but to source from SUV buyers as well. So we see the pickup market growing and it's really growing across segments and price points on the retail side. And Alicia, maybe on the commercial side.

Page 13 of 22

Alicia: On the commercial side, I would just ask, I'll just comment similar to what Andrew said. We have commercial buyers that buy pickup trucks from Maverick size all the way up to our F-750. And we have products in those segments and we also have diverse powertrains and we see that continuing to grow. We continue to have strong orders for 2026 right now from fleet customers and we continue to see. We just opened our '27 model year order books and we're starting, we're seeing some early indicators. So we know the demand is there, is strong, and we want to make sure that we have offerings from the very beginning, Maverick all the way to the higher pickup trucks. Jim Farley: How we like to think about is that we want to future-proof our truck business. To do that, we want to offer customers more choice on the powertrain side and tie the powertrains to other benefits that a truck customer would want, like a hybrid for Pro Power Onboard. And part of protecting is not just having an affordable electric pickup or hybrid throughout our lineup, but it's also having a flow of customers and move through our lineup over time. On the pro side, it helps us with adjacency sales, but on the retail side, those Maverick, those UEV sales, they are a juggernaut for loading our whole pickup business and the strength over time. Because we haven't seen our competitors invest like we have. I think the other thing that gets maybe overlooked about Ford's pickup strategy is our global strategy. Ford is really number one or number two in most markets around the globe. There are large pickup markets in Thailand, Africa, the Middle East, and South America, and Ranger is number one or number two in every one of those segments. And we are future-proofing those lineups now as we speak with different powertrains and even more affordable options. And this is critical because we're seeing new competition in those markets from the Chinese. And so our pickup strategy is a global strategy. We're trying to learn from the past where we're trying to future-proof it in a way from oil shocks or movement of powertrain to actually price points. Moderator: Your next question will come from Emmanuel Rosner with Wolf Research. Emmanuel Rosner: Oh, great. Thank you so much. Could you give us a sense of expected cadence of earnings over the rest of the year, and in particular, maybe drivers of the much lower pace of earnings over the rest of it? With having done $3.5 billion dollars in the first quarter, that means you're guiding at midpoint for $6 billion combined over the next three, which is quite low, I guess, by historical standard. I understand that commodities is obviously going to get sequentially quite a bit worse, but then I would've thought the Novelis cost would also start going away in the second half. So maybe some of the puts and takes and the cadence, please.

Page 14 of 22

Sherry House: Yeah. So as you move into the next half, obviously one of the big things is you're not going to have the repeat of IEEPA, so that's $1.3 billion positive, as you said, with respect to Novelis as we start to gain more volume, but we are going to be hit more as we're more towards the end of the year on commodities, as I alluded to earlier. And also the other thing is we are investing more in our launches right now, and that's going to be invest in our battery electric stationary storage business, the UEV platform, and also Oakville in Canada. So we have those investments that are going in and ramping as we exit the year, and there's cash elements of that too, not just CapEx. So that and commodities, non-repeat of IEEPA, but then the positive is Novelis. Emmanuel Rosner: Okay. And cadence-wise, sorry, and then I have a follow-up question, but any sense on is the degradation mostly in the second half or is the second quarter ex IEEPA also quite a bit lower? Sherry House: Fairly consistent, I would say, is it's Q2, Q3 and Q4. Emmanuel Rosner: Okay. And then my second question is on free cashflow. Can you give us a bit of color on why free cashflow was almost a burn of $2 billion when EBIT was quite robust, even ex IEEPA? But I think most importantly, in the guidance, you're not flowing through any of the improved EBIT to the full year free cashflow guidance, even though it seems to be driven by better underlying performance. Why is that? Sherry House: Yeah, so let me hit your first question first. So with respect to the $1.9 billion usage in the quarter, it's very typical for us as you move from Q4 to Q1 to have a usage of cash, and that's because of the higher working capital that is needed. We're typically at that point, you are drawing down on inventory. You're not typically producing as much the last couple of weeks of the year. That was amplified for us with the Novellus disruption as well, and you're paying out your payables. So you're going to have that negative start. In addition, for us, this quarter, our net spending was up. And as I said, we're investing in our future. We've been really transparent about $9.5 - $10.5 billion this year, and you're spending on UEV, you're spending on BESS, we're spending on the future. And then also there's timing differences in there, and we pay our compensation bonuses in Q1. You also have timing differences associated with marketing incentive spends that are taking place as well. So those are the big components. We do expect this to reverse. We do expect our free cashflow guidance to stay at $5 - $6 billion. The big change, as you know, was the IEEPA tariff of the $1.3 billion, and that we don't have certainty as to when that is going to come in. So we did not put that in the guidance at

Page 15 of 22

this time. If we get certainty that that's going to be sooner, then we will certainly update accordingly. And we thought it's a little bit early to be pulling through some of the other cash items, given some of the volatility that we're working through. Emmanuel Rosner: Great. Thank you so much. Moderator: Our next question will come from Edison Yu with Deutsche Bank Research. Edison Yu: Hey, thanks for taking our question. Wanted to come back to something that, as you mentioned earlier about the US industrial base, how sensible or how realistic is it for Ford to play a bigger role in the defense complex in terms of supplying the Pentagon? Jim Farley: Well, thank you for your question. As a most American company, Ford has always called the answer to duty to support our country. It was ventilators in COVID, of course, the arsenal of democracy. We work with, as you know, we are very successful with our government sales and business and pro, and so we have very close relationships through the vehicle side. What I'd be able to say at this point is two things. First of all, we are in early discussions, the US government on some defense-related projects. We're not going to go into details of those today. In addition, and I would say equally important is Ford's role as an anchor customer on onshoring critical minerals and many other supply chain vulnerabilities we have in our country. And I think you should expect Ford to play an outsized role in manufactured gray semiconductors, critical minerals like batteries and rare earths. And our supply chain is heavily engaged, not only with our government, but new companies that are starting to emerge in our country to onshore some of this capability. And I think maybe perhaps in the short term, that's the biggest role Ford can play in helping our country. Edison Yu: Understood. Understood. And then separate topic, just coming back to autonomy. It seems in Robotaxi, there's a lot more appetite now for some of these tech companies like Uber and NVIDIA to quasi-subsidize the OEMs. Has your thinking about Robotaxi maybe evolved over the last three or four months? Jim Farley: I would say yes, not just over the last three or four months. It's something we've been, frankly, watching carefully as it evolves because we were involved in Argo and are very well aware of both managing the fleet and the SDS system itself and the progress. We

Page 16 of 22

kind of knew from Argo what to look for as Robotaxis became -- The SDS itself became more proficient, and we're starting to see that now. I think how you should think about Ford's approach is that we are completely focused on having the most efficient EV and the lowest cost of ownership in North America, number one. And number two, because of our pro business, we have the most fit repair and fleet management capability for new fleets, all fleets, and that capability can be applied to all sorts of different fleets. That's how we think about the market as emerges, and I think that's all we're prepared to say at this point. Edison Yu: Thank you. Moderator: Your next question will come from Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan. Ryan, your line is now open. Feel free to unmute. Ryan Brinkman: Oh, thank you so much. Thanks for taking the question. Is there an update you might be able to provide on the relatively recently announced Ford Energy business? Has there been maybe proactive outreach to Ford from companies that you have existing B2B relationships with on the pro side of the business? How would you characterize that interest and maybe just remind on potential timing in that? Jim Farley: Thank you, Ryan. Well, as you know, we are committed to over 20 gigawatt hours of capacity starting in the fourth quarter of next year. That'll be mostly Kentucky One and a little bit of Marshall. Marshall will be really focused on UEV, but has some capacity for our energy business. So that's the timing, starting fourth quarter next year. The plants are coming online. We are on track in the industrial manufacturing capability of doing DC block. It's not just the batteries themselves, it's the containers, it's the management of the battery. That's all coming together as we expected. We are very active in contracting customers as we speak. We've had a lot of inbounds and a lot of interest in Ford because they understand that we have the best tech, we have a lot of advantages financially, and we have a great service and sales capability. And of course, the company has deep relationships with a lot of these as vehicle customers, so they know us. They know through Pro that we're a reliable company. And all I would say, Ryan, is that the energy business is the key element of our bridge to 8% margin. Ryan Brinkman: Great, thanks. And then just as my follow-up, around the same time that Ford Energy was announced, you also broke news of the new strategic partnership with Renault. So I was just wondering if there might be any kind of update you can provide there too,

Page 17 of 22

given that the first vehicles that were announced were electric vehicles, and I think that's an important piece of solving the puzzle in Europe. But I met with Hans Schep during the quarter, he's super energized about Renault on the commercial vehicle side in Europe. What do you think the broader potential for collaboration there might be? Jim Farley: Thank you, Ryan, for your question. It's very pertinent. At this point, all we would say is that we believe that on the passenger car side, Renault has fully cost competitive platforms, and we intend to take advantage of that as Europe continues to electrify amidst the Chinese competition on passenger cars. On commercial, we have a very successful relationship, as you know, with Volkswagen, both on the pickup and the van side. And we have nothing to announce today, but certainly John, myself, and the whole team are very focused on taking advantage of the Renault relationship across all of our businesses. And our commercial business at this point is still very profitable in Europe. We see it as the core of our profitability in the future on the vehicle side. And so we will do everything we need to maximize our scale and our cost advantage on commercial in Europe. Ryan Brinkman: Great to hear. Thank you. Operator: Our next question will come from Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. Colin Langan: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just if I'm looking at slide 10, there's a $900 million of other. It's kind of unusual to have such a large item. Any color on what that is? And then also looking on that slide, cost is only 700 positive and it includes the IEEPA. I think the target is that you're supposed to get a billion of cost benefit for the year, which would mean underlying costs is actually worse year over year in Q1. So what is driving the weaker Q1 cost? Sherry House: Well, first off, let me just hit on your question on other. That's really related to services, both physical and software. So that's where that's showing up. Colin Langan: So you had $900 million of software or EBIT for the quarter? Sherry House: Well, we also had compliance benefits, services physical, and software credit as well.

Page 18 of 22

Colin Langan: Okay. And then the cost piece, is that just the cost savings pick up in the second half of the year? Sherry House: This cost savings, if you're on slide 10, was related to the -- you're talking about the Q1 bridge, going from $1.3 billion in Ford Pro to the $1.7 billion? Colin Langan: Yeah. Well, I was just saying in the bridge, it's $700 million positive, but that includes $1.3 billion of IEEPA, and I thought your target for the year Sherry House: It does include IEEPA, that's right. That's right. Colin Langan: So that would mean ex-IEEPA, it was negative. So I'm just wondering why it's negative if the target for the year is $1 billion positive cost. Sherry House: Well, you said you have Novelis in there as well. Colin Langan: Okay. And then just lastly, if I go to slide 18 and I add up all the items, it does seem like it's a little short of some good news. It seems like I'm about $900 million short of all the items listed on that slide. What is that? Is that volume? You didn't mention regulatory savings, just other cost savings that we're missing in the walk? Sherry House: I would say yeah, it's a variety of other savings throughout the company as well. So we thought that really, cost is fairly flat on a year-over-year basis. Where we're really presenting very close to what we presented in the past. The big changes as we've gone into this guide is we had the $1.3 billion resulting from the IEEPA Supreme Court ruling, then we had the increase in the commodities, which is offsetting. So when you look at all of that together, you're really looking at a pretty flat picture year over year, because we already had a number of items that we're offsetting.

Colin Langan: Got it. All right. Thanks for taking my questions.

Page 19 of 22

Sherry House: Of course. Operator: Your next question will come from James Picariello with BNP Paribas. It appears you're on a phone, James, *6 will allow you to unmute. James Picariello: Thanks. Okay. Operator: We can hear you, please go ahead. James Picariello: Thanks. So I first want to ask about, what's the level of confidence behind the 150,000 Novelis recovery units? Based on what you've seen in your own production through the first quarter, just where are we at on that? And then as we think about the raw materials, the $2 billion now in core commodities, plus the $1.75 billion in alternative aluminum sourcing, what was captured in the first quarter on that combined bucket for raw mats, and just how should we think about the cadencing for the rest of the year? Thank you. Kumar Galhotra: So on the Novelis recovery and the rebuild of the mill, I would say the confidence is high. As Jim and I stated earlier, the restart date is on track. All the enablers for the ramp up are on track, and belt and suspenders, if anything does go off, we have contingency plans, which means we have additional aluminum supply to ensure production. So we feel good about the second half of aluminum supply. Jim Farley: And not only our supply perspective, but also as Andrew said, and in the speech, we're in a really good stock situation too, so we're very confident we're going to need those units. Alicia: And I can just comment as well from a Pro perspective, we still have very strong '26 model year orders. We just opened up '27. We're seeing positive indicators. And when you think about the Novelis impacts, we really postpone fleet orders and they're going to be required and needed in the second half, and we haven't lost the customer. So we are very confident in the demand in the second half of the year.

Page 20 of 22

Sherry House: Yeah. And I guess I would just say that continue James Picariello: Just on the cost side? Sherry House: Yeah, we continue with respect to Novelis to expect a total cost of between $1.5 billion to $2 billion, we're tracking on target with respect to that. I think you had a specific question in Q1 related to temporary cost to source aluminum. It's about $300 million, so that would include tariffs, expedited freight and warehousing as well. These things aren't straight line, and there's just a lot of factors that are involved. James Picariello: Got it. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And then just as we think about the $1 billion in the UEV platform and the Marshall plant, is that more second half weighted or pretty routable through the year in terms of just the investment? And that's still tracking towards the $1 billion, right? Sherry House: So it's going to be the UEV investments, we're already making some of those. We're going to continue to make them through Q2, Q3 and Q4. They will go up a bit as you get to Q3 and Q4. And then we also, as I said, we've got BESS in there as well, and we also have the Oakville launch during that period of time also. So three major items that are increasing in terms of investment. James Picariello: Thank you.

Operator: Your next question will come from Itay Michaeli with TD Cowen. Itay Michaeli: Great. Thanks. Hi, everybody. Just a couple questions on the UEV platform. I'm just curious what's left to do here as you prepare for next year's launch and maybe thinking even out to 2029 towards your breakeven or profitability objective for Model e? How should we think about roughly the number of top hats that you're planning to launch on that platform? And maybe just lastly, if I can sneak it in. In the past, you've mentioned

Page 21 of 22

using some new suppliers for UEV. Any more updates you can share on how that's going? Thank you. Kumar Galhotra: So Itay, this is Kumar. Answering your first question on, let's say, the industrial launch of the product, there are four major pieces to it. There's the hardware of key new parts like mega castings. UEV has its own software platform, so development and testing of that platform. Excuse me. Third is the readiness of our suppliers with all the parts that are coming from suppliers. And lastly, number four is equipment installation at our plant. We're in the middle of all four of these right now, and all enablers and all indicators, early indicators of these four work streams are on track, so we feel good about it. Your second piece of question, number of top hats. As we've mentioned, it is a platform. We plan to have high volume at Louisville, but I think we don't want to give away our plan to competition by talking about how many top hats or which top hats. It would be too early to do that. Itay Michaeli: Got it. Jim Farley: The launch is bigger than the industrial launch, so we want to give you a little bit of insight into the demand creation because that's critical for us. Andrew Frick: Yeah, this is Andrew. We're confident on our launch plan. In fact, we're right on track to share our plans with dealers and take customer orders later this year. And what we're really excited about is some of the EV market trends that we're seeing and the EV volume really heading towards the affordable space, which really favors this affordable UEV platform positioning us right in the heart of the market. So we're really pleased with that. Jim Farley: I think the market is already predisposed to this price point, but now it feels like in the US, the EV market is moving even closer to the UEV platform. And there's really not much choice on a fully specked, highly capable technological vehicle platform that's really affordable. There's not a lot of choice for customers. It's a lot of compliance vehicles, but this is a real legitimate, fully capable product for customers. So we think the market is really moving and we understand that. That's why we're working so hard on the demand creation. I think UEV is on

Page 22 of 22

Jim Farley: As far as the new suppliers, do you want to mention anything about the new suppliers, Kumar? Kumar Galhotra: Yeah, I would say that the UEV team took a very interesting approach. We did the toughest and the most complex commodities, we designed them in house. This gives us a lot of control over those commodities, and it gives us the ability to source those commodities at the highest quality and the best cost price points from new suppliers. And these new suppliers have been great partners, and we are working towards using that capability, both the process as well as the new supply base in the rest of our portfolio. Jim Farley: What's exciting for me is to see the team's pollination of the UEV process, new suppliers, new way of developing a vehicle, new IT tools that the development team uses, it's really starting to spread across the company. And to me, that's very encouraging to see because the greatest gift for UEV will likely be what it gives all of our other models and our team as a whole. Itay Michaeli: Absolutely. That's very helpful. Thank you. Operator: This concludes the Ford Motor Company First Quarter 2026 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

https://ford.to/facebook https://x.com/ford https://ford.to/linkedin

Ford Reports First-Quarter 2026 Financial Results; Raises Full-Year Guidance

• First-quarter revenue of $43.3 billion; net income of $2.5 billion; adjusted EBIT of $3.5 billion; operating cash flow was $1.3 billion; adjusted free cash flow was a use of $1.9 billion • Net income of $2.5 billion and adjusted EBIT of $3.5 billion reflect a $1.3 billion one-time IEEPA tariff benefit, strong product mix and net pricing, and growth in software and physical services • Company declared a second-quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share on April 28, • Company raises full-year adjusted EBIT guidance to $8.5 billion to $10.5 billion (from $8.0 billion to $10.0 billion)

DEARBORN, Mich., April 29, 2026 – Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) today announced its first-quarter quarter 2026 financial results.

“Our strong first-quarter results and raised full-year guidance reflect the momentum of the Ford+ plan,” said Ford President and CEO Jim Farley. “We built the foundation for a more modern, resilient Ford, improving cost and quality and building our world-class team. We are wellprepared to deliver for our customers and shareholders as we enter one of the most intensive product, software and physical services rollouts in our history.”

Added Ford CFO Sherry House: “The path to higher margins is clear, and the first-quarter demonstrates those building blocks in action. The strength in the quarter reflects strong execution in our profit pillars, and we remain on track to deliver our full-year cost reductions. When combined with accretive recurring revenue from software and physical services and decisive actions to improve our EV performance, we are driving a fundamentally more profitable business, allocating capital with extreme discipline, protecting our balance sheet, and positioning Ford to deliver consistently higher returns.”

House further explained that the company is on track to recover profits from Novelis in the second-half of the year.

Total Company Highlights First Quarter 2025 2026 Change Wholesale Units (000) 971 934 (4)%

GAAP Financial Measures Cash Flows from Op. Activities ($B) $ 3.7 $ 1.3 $ (2.4) Revenue ($B) 40.7 43.3 6 % Net Income / (Loss) ($B) 0.5 2.5 2.1 Net Income / (Loss) Margin (%) 1.2 % 5.9 % 4.7 ppts EPS (Diluted) $ 0.12 $ 0.63 $ 0.51

Non-GAAP Financial Measures Company Adj. Free Cash Flow ($B) $ (1.5) $ (1.9) $ (0.4) Company Adj. EBIT ($B) 1.0 3.5 2.5 Company Adj. EBIT Margin (%) 2.5 % 8.1 % 5.6 ppts Adjusted EPS (Diluted) $ 0.14 $ 0.66 $ 0.52 Adjusted ROIC (Trailing Four Qtrs) 10.9 % 12.6 % 1.8 ppts

The company posted first-quarter revenue of $43.3 billion, a 6 percent increase from a year ago. Net income was $2.5 billion and adjusted earnings before interest and taxes was $3.5 billion. Results include a $1.3 billion one-time IEEPA tariff benefit reflecting amounts Ford paid between March 2025 and February 2026, primarily benefiting the Ford Blue and Ford Pro segments.

Operating cash flow was $1.3 billion and adjusted free cash flow was a use of $1.9 billion in the quarter. At the end of the quarter, Ford had $22.0 billion in cash (after the repayment of the company’s convertible debt, which was not refinanced) and $43.1 billion in liquidity. The company renewed its $18 billion corporate credit facilities earlier this month. On April 28, the company also declared a second-quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share, payable on June 1 to shareholders of record on May 12.

Business Segment Highlights First Quarter 2025 2026 Change Ford Blue Segment Wholesales (000) 588 584 (1)% Revenue ($B) $ 21.0 $ 23.9 14 % EBIT ($M) 96 1,942 1,846 EBIT Margin (%) 0.5 % 8.1 % 7.7 ppts

Ford Model e Segment Wholesales (000) 31 34 10 % Revenue ($B) $ 1.2 $ 1.2 (1)% EBIT ($M) (849) (777) 72 EBIT Margin (%) (68.4) % (63.1) % 5.3 ppts

Ford Pro Segment Wholesales (000) 352 316 (10) % Revenue ($B) $ 15.2 $ 14.7 (3)% EBIT ($M) 1,309 1,685 376 EBIT Margin (%) 8.6 % 11.4 % 2.8 ppts

Ford Pro generated $1.7 billion in EBIT on $14.7 billion in revenue. Ford Pro paid software subscriptions grew 30 percent year-over-year to 879,000.

Ford Blue reported $1.9 billion in EBIT on $23.9 billion in revenue, led by the continued strength of F-Series, Bronco, and double-digit growth in Explorer and Expedition sales. Off-road performance trims now account for nearly a quarter of U.S. sales.

Ford Model e reported a first-quarter EBIT loss of $777 million as the segment continues to optimize first-generation vehicles for profitability while preparing to launch affordable, highly scalable electric vehicles on the new UEV platform and ramp Ford Energy.

Ford Credit reported first-quarter earnings before taxes of $783 million, up $203 million compared to a year ago, reflecting healthy financing margins and a high-quality book of business.

Full-Year 2026 Outlook

For the full-year, the company raised its adjusted EBIT guidance to $8.5 billion to $10.5 billion, up from $8.0 billion to $10.0 billion. The company also expects adjusted free cash flow of $5.0 billion to $6.0 billion and capital expenditures of $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion, which reflects its shift toward higher-return growth opportunities, including $1.5 billion for Ford Energy. Guidance does not include potential impacts of a sustained conflict in the Middle East or a significant downturn in the U.S. economy.

Full-year segment outlooks include Ford Pro EBIT of $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion, Ford Blue EBIT of $4.5 billion to $5.0 billion (raised from $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion), Model e losses of $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion, and Ford Credit EBT of about $2.5 billion. The company continues to assume a U.S. SAAR of 16.0 million to 16.5 million and flat industry pricing.

EBIT outlook assumptions include a favorable one-time $1.3 billion IEEPA tariff benefit; net $1 billion improvement from the Novelis recovery; commodity headwinds of about $2 billion, $1 billion higher than the previous estimate, led by aluminum (excluding Novelis-related aluminum costs); tariff impacts of about $1 billion (excluding IEEPA benefit and Novelis temporary costs); on track for $1 billion in material and warranty cost reductions; and about $1 billion of incremental investment in Model e to support the ramp of the Universal EV platform and Ford Energy.

Ford’s annual meeting will take place online at 8:30 a.m. ET on Thursday, May 14.

Conference Call Details

At 5:00 p.m. ET today, Ford and Ford Credit management will hold a conference call to discuss these financial results. For the webcast, click here. It will be available for replay for approximately one week following the call at the same link.

Analysts will be able to ask questions on the call. Registration beforehand is strongly recommended to expedite access to the call.

# # #

About Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan, committed to helping build a better world, where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams. The company’s Ford+ plan for growth and value creation combines existing strengths, new capabilities, and always-on relationships with customers to enrich experiences for customers and deepen their loyalty. Ford develops and delivers innovative, must-have Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars and Lincoln luxury vehicles, along with connected services, including BlueCruise (ADAS) and security. The company offers freedom of choice through three customer-centered business segments: Ford Blue, engineering iconic gas-powered and hybrid vehicles; Ford Model e, inventing breakthrough electric vehicles (“EVs”) along with embedded software that defines always-on digital experiences for all customers; and Ford Pro, helping commercial customers transform and expand their businesses with vehicles and services tailored to their needs. Additionally, the company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company. Ford employs about 168,000 people worldwide. More information about the company and its products and services is available at corporate.ford.com.

Contacts

Media David Tovar 1.773.682.7954 dtovar9@ford.com Equity Investment Community Lynn Antipas Tyson 1.203.616.5689 ltyson4@ford.com Fixed Income Investment Community Sean Moore 1.313.248.1587 smoor192@ford.com Shareholder Inquiries 1.800.555.5259 or 1.313.845.8540 stockinf@ford.com

The following applies to the information throughout this release:

• See tables later in this release for the nature and amount of special items, and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures designated as “adjusted” to the most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). • Wholesale unit and production volumes include Ford and Lincoln brand vehicles produced and sold by Ford or our unconsolidated affiliates and Jiangling Motors Corporation (“JMC”) brand vehicles produced and sold in China by our unconsolidated affiliate. Revenue does not include vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliates. Wholesales and revenue exclude transactions between the Ford Blue, Ford Model e and Ford Pro business segments. • Reported “cash” includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash (including cash held for sale), excluding Ford Credit’s cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash.

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

Statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:

• Ford’s long-term success depends on delivering the Ford+ plan, including improving cost competitiveness; • Ford’s products have been and could continue to be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services and reduce the costs associated therewith could continue to have an adverse effect on our business; • Ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with Ford’s production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to timely acquire key components or raw materials has previously disrupted and may, in the future, disrupt Ford’s operations; • Ford’s production, as well as Ford’s suppliers’ production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, commercial relationships, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation;

• Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers, retain existing subscribers, and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford’s business; • Ford’s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints; • Ford’s ability to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness; • Operational information systems, security systems, products, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers; • To facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the manufacture of electrified products, Ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject Ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast; • With a global footprint and supply chain, Ford’s results and operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events; • Ford’s new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and Ford’s reputation may be harmed based on positions it takes or if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced; • Ford may face increased price competition for its products and services, including pricing pressure resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, legal and policy changes, or economic or other factors, particularly for electrified vehicles; • Inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of Ford or Ford Credit’s investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results; • Ford’s results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the United States; • Industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event; • The impact of government incentives on Ford’s business has been and could continue to be significant, and Ford’s receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback; • Ford and Ford Credit’s access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, asset portfolios, or other factors; • Ford Credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles; • Economic and demographic experience for pension and OPEB plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than Ford has assumed; • Pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect Ford’s liquidity and financial condition; • Ford and Ford Credit have experienced and could continue to experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise; • Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to respond to shifting consumer sentiment and competitive dynamics as a result of policy changes affecting, or otherwise to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations;

• Ford and Ford Credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, data access, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers’ heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information; and • Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations.

We cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forwardlooking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. It is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim to the extent permitted by law, any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional discussion, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, as updated by our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions, except per share amounts) For the periods ended March 31, 2025 2026 First Quarter (unaudited) Revenues Company excluding Ford Credit $ 37,422 $ 39,819 Ford Credit 3,237 3,434 Total revenues 40,659 43,253

Costs and expenses Cost of sales 35,188 35,311 Selling, administrative, and other expenses 2,431 2,807 Ford Credit interest, operating, and other expenses 2,721 2,806 Total costs and expenses 40,340 40,924 Operating income/(loss) 319 2,329 Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 288 350 Other income/(loss), net 496 773 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies 94 160 Income/(Loss) before income taxes 621 2,912 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 148 361 Net income/(loss) 473 2,551 Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 3 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ 471 $ 2,548 EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO FORD MOTOR COMPANY COMMON AND CLASS B STOCK Basic income/(loss) $ 0.12 $ 0.64 Diluted income/(loss) 0.12 0.63 Weighted-average shares used in computation of earnings/(loss) per share Basic shares 3,968 3,991 Diluted shares 4,011 4,071

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions)

December 31, March 31, (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 23,356 $ 17,649 Marketable securities 15,131 12,839 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $261 and $270 49,130 46,185 Trade and other receivables, less allowances of $108 and $100 15,398 17,227 Inventories 15,285 16,537 Other assets 5,187 5,892 Total current assets 123,487 116,329 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $650 and $667 61,449 60,322 Net investment in operating leases 28,540 28,983 Net property 37,288 38,091 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 2,753 2,737 Deferred income taxes 21,953 22,273 Other assets 13,690 13,699 Total assets $ 289,160 $ 282,434 LIABILITIES Payables $ 25,809 $ 26,039 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 31,779 29,849 Debt payable within one year Company excluding Ford Credit 5,550 3,268 Ford Credit 51,752 47,523 Total current liabilities 114,890 106,679 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 30,902 30,161 Long-term debt Company excluding Ford Credit 16,369 16,327 Ford Credit 89,665 90,008 Deferred income taxes 1,354 1,775 Total liabilities 253,180 244,950

EQUITY Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (4,154 million shares issued of 6 billion authorized) 41 42 Class B Stock, par value $0.01 per share (71 million shares issued of 530 million authorized) 1 1 Capital in excess of par value of stock 23,922 23,884 Retained earnings 22,508 24,445 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (7,710) (7,880) Treasury stock (2,810) (3,039) Total equity attributable to Ford Motor Company 35,952 37,453 Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 28 31 Total equity 35,980 37,484 Total liabilities and equity $ 289,160 $ 282,434

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the periods ended March 31, 2025 2026 First Three Months (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities Net income/(loss) $ 473 $ 2,551 Depreciation and tooling amortization 1,848 1,883 Other amortization (464) (458) Provision for credit and insurance losses 161 173 Pension and other postretirement employee benefits (“OPEB”) expense/(income) 94 (136) Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received (14) (28) Foreign currency adjustments 38 (104) Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments (32) (6) Stock compensation 121 110 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes (54) 64 Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) 2,427 1,181 Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets (1,294) (1,542) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory (2,677) (1,361) Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 3,020 (1,207) Other 32 196 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 3,679 1,316

Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending (1,818) (2,376) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases (11,611) (12,095) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases 10,983 11,439 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (2,433) (1,743) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 3,617 3,982 Settlements of derivatives (180) 34 Returns of capital from equity method investments 1,700 — Other (48) (12) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 210 (771)

Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents (1,196) (607) Purchases of common stock — (311) Net changes in short-term debt (564) (2,082) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 11,979 12,565 Payments of long-term debt (16,223) (15,581) Other (116) (156) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities (6,120) (6,172)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 118 (120) Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ (2,113) $ (5,747) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 23,190 $ 23,750 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (2,113) (5,747) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 21,077 $ 18,003

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

The tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information. Company excluding Ford Credit includes our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro reportable segments, Corporate Other, Interest on Debt, and Special Items. Eliminations, where presented, primarily represent eliminations of intersegment transactions and deferred tax netting.

Selected Income Statement Information. The following table provides supplemental income statement information (in millions):

For the period ended March 31, 2026 First Quarter

Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Consolidated Revenues $ 39,819 $ 3,434 $ 43,253 Total costs and expenses 38,118 2,806 40,924 Operating income/(loss) 1,701 628 2,329 Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 350 — 350 Other income/(loss), net 631 142 773 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies 147 13 160 Income/(Loss) before income taxes 2,129 783 2,912 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 253 108 361 Net income/(loss) 1,876 675 2,551 Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 3 — 3 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ 1,873 $ 675 $ 2,548

Selected Balance Sheet Information. The following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information (in millions): March 31, 2026 Assets Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,725 $ 7,924 $ — $ 17,649 Marketable securities 12,054 785 — 12,839 Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 46,185 — 46,185 Trade and other receivables, net 8,375 8,852 — 17,227 Inventories 16,537 — — 16,537 Other assets 4,591 1,301 — 5,892 Receivable from other segments 733 2,148 (2,881) — Total current assets 52,015 67,195 (2,881) 116,329

Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 60,322 — 60,322 Net investment in operating leases 1,953 27,030 — 28,983 Net property 37,756 335 — 38,091 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 2,595 142 — 2,737 Deferred income taxes 21,578 695 — 22,273 Other assets 11,791 1,908 — 13,699 Receivable from other segments 51 — (51) — Total assets $ 127,739 $ 157,627 $ (2,932) $ 282,434 Liabilities Payables $ 25,052 $ 987 $ — $ 26,039 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 27,312 2,537 — 29,849 Debt payable within one year 3,268 47,523 — 50,791 Payable to other segments 2,881 — (2,881) — Total current liabilities 58,513 51,047 (2,881) 106,679

Other liabilities and deferred revenue 28,930 1,231 — 30,161 Long-term debt 16,327 90,008 — 106,335 Deferred income taxes 952 823 — 1,775 Payable to other segments — 51 (51) — Total liabilities $ 104,722 $ 143,160 $ (2,932) $ 244,950

Selected Cash Flow Information. The following tables provide supplemental cash flow information (in millions):

For the period ended March 31, 2026 First Quarter Cash flows from operating activities Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Net income/(loss) $ 1,876 $ 675 $ — $ 2,551 Depreciation and tooling amortization 1,168 715 — 1,883 Other amortization 12 (470) — (458) Provision for credit and insurance losses (2) 175 — 173 Pension and OPEB expense/(income) (136) — — (136) Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received (15) (13) — (28) Foreign currency adjustments (115) 11 — (104) Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments (10) 4 — (6) Stock compensation 105 5 — 110 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes 78 (14) — 64 Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) — 1,181 — 1,181 Decrease/(Increase) in intersegment receivables/payables (272) 272 — — Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets (1,478) (64) — (1,542) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory (1,361) — — (1,361) Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities (1,098) (109) — (1,207) Other 265 (69) — 196 Interest supplements and residual value support to Ford Credit (1,038) 1,038 — — Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities $ (2,021) $ 3,337 $ — $ 1,316 Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending $ (2,357) $ (19) $ — $ (2,376) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases — (12,095) — (12,095) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases — 11,439 — 11,439 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (1,629) (114) — (1,743) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 3,875 107 — 3,982 Settlements of derivatives 134 (100) — 34 Other (11) (1) — (12) Investing activity (to)/from other segments 950 — (950) — Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities $ 962 $ (783) $ (950) $ (771) Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents $ (607) $ — $ — $ (607) Purchases of common stock (311) — — (311) Net changes in short-term debt 53 (2,135) — (2,082) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt — 12,565 — 12,565 Payments of long-term debt (2,287) (13,294) — (15,581) Other (120) (36) — (156) Financing activity to/(from) other segments — (950) 950 — Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities $ (3,272) $ (3,850) $ 950 $ (6,172) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ (76) $ (44) $ — $ (120)

Non-GAAP Financial Measures That Supplement GAAP Measures

We use both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess Company and segment business performance. The non-GAAP measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent GAAP measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful perspective on underlying operating results and trends, and a means to compare our period-overperiod results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP . These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted. • Company Adjusted EBIT (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net income / (Loss) attributable to Ford) – Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) excludes interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), taxes and pre-tax special items. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it focuses on underlying operating results and trends, and improves comparability of our period-over-period results. Our management excludes special items from its review of the results of the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources. Pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses, (ii) significant personnel expenses, supplier- and dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. • Company Adjusted EBIT Margin (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Company Net Income / (Loss) Margin) – Company Adjusted EBIT Margin is Company Adjusted EBIT divided by Company revenue. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting. • Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Earnings / (Loss) Per Share) – Measure of Company’s diluted net earnings / (loss) per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. The measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. • Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Effective Tax Rate) – Measure of Company’s tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. The measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. • Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (FCF) (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities) – Measure of Company’s operating cash flow excluding Ford Credit’s operating cash flows. The measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including Company excluding Ford Credit capital spending, Ford Credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. The measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, restructuring actions, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under GAAP . This measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management’s assessment of the Company’s operating cash flow performance. • Adjusted ROIC – Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. Adjusted Return on Invested Capital (“Adjusted ROIC”) provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the Company’s after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. Adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and certain pension / OPEB costs. Average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and net pension / OPEB liability. When we provide guidance for adjusted EBIT, adjusted earnings / (loss) per share, and adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance for their respective most comparable GAAP measures as those GAAP measures will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including gains and losses on pension and OPEB remeasurement, and other items that are difficult to quantify. When we provide guidance for Company adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for its most comparable GAAP measure (net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities) as the GAAP measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the Company's exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), Ford Credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by / (used in) our operating activities. Note: Calculated results may not sum due to rounding

Net Income / (Loss) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT ($M)

First Quarter 2025 2026 Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford (GAAP) $ 471 $ 2,548 Income / (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 2 3 Net Income / (Loss) $ 473 $ 2,551 Less: (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (148) (361) Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes $ 621 $ 2,912 Less: Special Items Pre-Tax (110) (226) Income / (Loss) Before Special Items Pre-Tax $ 731 $ 3,138 Less: Interest on Debt (288) (350) Adjusted EBIT (Non-GAAP) $ 1,019 $ 3,488 Memo: Revenue ($B) $ 40.7 $ 43.3 Net Income / (Loss) Margin (GAAP) (%) 1.2 % 5.9 % Adjusted EBIT Margin (Non-GAAP) (%) 2.5 % 8.1 %

Earnings / (Loss) Per Share Reconciliation To Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share

First Quarter 2025 2026 Diluted After-Tax Results ($M) Diluted After-Tax Results (GAAP) $ 471 $ 2,548 Less: Impact of Pre-T ax and T ax Special Items (81) (150) Adjusted Net Income / (Loss) – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 552 $ 2,698

Basic and Diluted Shares (M) Basic Shares (Average Shares Outstanding) 3,968 3,991 Net Dilutive Options, Unvested Restricted Stock Units, and Unvested Restricted Stock Shares 43 80 Diluted Shares 4,011 4,071

Earnings / (Loss) Per Share – Diluted (GAAP) $ 0.12 $ 0.63 Less: Net Impact of Adjustments (0.02) (0.03) Adjusted Earnings Per Share – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 0.14 $ 0.66

Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation To Adjusted Effective Tax Rate

2026 Memo: Q1 Full Year Pre-Tax Results ($M) Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes (GAAP) $ 2,912 $ (11,830) Less: Impact of Special Items (226) (17,356) Adjusted Earnings Before Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ 3,138 $ 5,526

Taxes ($M) (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (GAAP) $ (361) $ 3,668 Less: Impact of Special Items 76 4,775 Adjusted (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ (437) $ (1,107)

Tax Rate (%) Effective Tax Rate (GAAP) 12.4 % 31.0 % Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Non-GAAP) 13.9 % 20.0 %

Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities Reconciliation To Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow ($M)

2025 2026 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities (GAAP) $ 3,679 $ 6,317 $ 7,402 $ 3,884 $ 1,316

Less: Items Not Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows Ford Credit Operating Cash Flows 4,106 2,517 1,741 4,567 3,337 Funded Pension Contributions (234) (281) (187) (18) (178) Restructuring (Including Separations) (a) (163) (46) (22) (205) (734) Ford Credit T ax Payments / (Refunds) Under T ax Sharing Agreement — — — — 33 Other, Net (141) (144) (189) (522) (541)

Add: Items Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows Company Excluding Ford Credit Capital Spending (1,790) (2,054) (2,099) (2,751) (2,357) Ford Credit Distributions 200 500 350 600 950 Settlement of Derivatives 1 109 (1) (55) 134 Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP) $ (1,478) $ 2,826 $ 4,309 $ (2,144) $ (1,874)

a. Restructuring excludes cash flows reported in investing activities

Adjusted ROIC ($B)

Four Quarters Ending Q1 2025 Four Quarters Ending Q1 2026 Adjusted Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash T ax Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford $ 5.0 $ (6.1) Add: Noncontrolling Interest 0.0 0.0 Less: Income Tax (1.2) 3.5 Add: Cash Tax (0.9) (0.6) Less: Interest on Debt (1.1) (1.3) Less: Total Pension / OPEB Income / (Cost) (0.1) (0.8) Add: Pension / OPEB Service Costs (0.5) (0.4) Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash Tax $ 6.1 $ (8.4) Less: Special Items (excl. Pension / OPEB) Pre-Tax (1.6) (16.9) Adj. Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash T ax $ 7.6 $ 8.5

Invested Capital Equity $ 44.7 $ 37.5 Debt (excl. Ford Credit) 20.9 19.6 Net Pension and OPEB Liability 4.6 4.0 Invested Capital (End of Period) $ 70.2 $ 61.1 Average Invested Capital $ 70.1 $ 67.3

ROIC (a) 8.6 % (12.5) % Adjusted ROIC (Non-GAAP) (b) 10.9 % 12.6 %

a. Calculated as the sum of net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average inv ested capital over the last four quarters b. Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the av erage invested capital over the last four quarters

Special Items ($B)

First Quarter 2025 2026 Restructuring (by Geography) Europe $ (0.0) $ (0.4) Subtotal Restructuring $ (0.0) $ (0.4)

Other Items EV program cancellations announced in December 2025 $ 0.0 $ (0.1) All-electric three-row SUV program cancellation and resulting actions (0.1) 0.1 Subtotal Other Items $ (0.1) $ (0.1)

Pension and OPEB Gain/(Loss) Pension and OPEB remeasurement $ 0.0 $ 0.2 Pension settlements, curtailments, and separations costs (0.0) (0.1) Subtotal Pension and OPEB Gain/(Loss) $ (0.0) $ 0.2 Total EBIT Special Items $ (0.1) $ (0.2)

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions) For the periods ended March 31, 2025 2026 First Quarter (unaudited) Financing revenue Operating leases $ 1,131 $ 1,346 Retail financing 1,510 1,584 Dealer financing 669 540 Other financing 38 41 Total financing revenue 3,348 3,511 Depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases (605) (696) Interest expense (1,790) (1,719) Net financing margin 953 1,096 Other revenue Insurance premiums earned 48 43 Fee based revenue and other 24 31 Total financing margin and other revenue 1,025 1,170 Expenses Operating expenses 353 368 Provision for credit losses 140 172 Insurance expenses 17 3 Total expenses 510 543

Other income/(loss), net 65 156

Income before income taxes 580 783 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 156 108 Net income $ 424 $ 675

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions)

December 31, March 31, (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,270 $ 7,924 Marketable securities 784 785 Finance receivables, net Retail installment contracts, dealer financing, and other financing 111,039 108,478 Finance leases 8,757 8,571 Total finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $911 and $937 119,796 117,049 Net investment in operating leases 26,502 27,030 Notes and accounts receivable from affiliated companies 984 703 Derivative financial instruments 1,528 1,208 Other assets 3,589 3,842 Total assets $ 162,453 $ 158,541

LIABILITIES Accounts payable (including to affiliated companies of $481 and $783) $ 1,445 $ 1,770 Debt 141,417 137,531 Deferred income taxes 660 823 Derivative financial instruments 947 857 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 3,180 3,093 Total liabilities 147,649 144,074

SHAREHOLDER’S INTEREST Shareholder’s interest 5,166 5,166 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (695) (757) Retained earnings 10,333 10,058 Total shareholder’s interest 14,804 14,467 Total liabilities and shareholder’s interest $ 162,453 $ 158,541

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the periods ended March 31, 2025 2026 First Three Months (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 424 $ 675 Provision for credit losses 140 172 Depreciation and amortization 770 882 Amortization of upfront interest supplements (643) (649) Net change in deferred income taxes 146 (14) Net change in other assets (150) (2) Net change in other liabilities 82 263 All other operating activities 35 (33) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 804 1,294

Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of finance receivables (8,280) (8,629) Principal collections of finance receivables 9,734 10,149 Purchases of operating lease vehicles (2,799) (2,969) Proceeds from termination of operating lease vehicles 1,470 1,697 Net change in wholesale receivables and other short -duration receivables 2,548 1,139 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (157) (114) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 93 107 Settlements of derivatives (181) (100) All other investing activities (27) (20) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 2,401 1,260

Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 11,979 12,565 Payments of long-term debt (16,185) (13,294) Net change in short-term debt (651) (2,135) Cash distributions to parent (200) (950) All other financing activities (40) (36) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities (5,097) (3,850)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 76 (44)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ (1,816) $ (1,340)

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 9,360 $ 9,377 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (1,816) (1,340) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 7,544 $ 8,037