=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Page 1 of 20

Ford Motor Company Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call Tuesday, February 10, 2026, 5:00 PM Eastern

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Jim Farley - President and Chief Executive Officer Sherry House - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Frick - President, Ford Blue and Model e Alicia Boler Davis - President, Ford Pro Kumar Galhotra - Chief Operating Officer Cathy O’Callaghan - Chief Executive Officer, Ford Credit Steve Croley - Chief Policy Officer and General Counsel Lynn Antipas Tyson - Chief Investor Relations Officer

Page 2 of 20

PRESENTATION Operator: Good day, everyone. My name is Leila, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome you to the Ford Motor Company Fourth Quarter 2025 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, and if you have joined via the webinar, please use the raise hand icon, which can be found at the bottom of your webinar application. If you have joined by phone, please dial *9 on your keypad to raise your hand. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Lynn Antipas Tyson, Chief Investor Relations Officer. Lynn Antipas Tyson: Thank you, Leila, and welcome to Ford Motor Company's Fourth Quarter 2025 earnings call. With me today are Jim Farley, President and CEO, and Sherry House, CFO. Joining us for Q&A is Andrew Frick, President of Ford Blue and Model e, Alicia Boler Davis, President of Ford Pro, Kumar Galhotra, Chief Operating Officer, and Cathy O'Callaghan, CEO of Ford Credit. Jim will give a high level overview of the business, and Sherry will provide added texture on the financials and our guidance for 2026. We'll be referencing non-GAAP measures today. These are reconciled to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures in the appendix of our earnings deck. You can find the deck at shareholder.ford.com. Our discussion also includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ. The most significant risk factors are included on page 21 of our deck. Unless otherwise noted, all comparisons are year over year, company EBIT, EPS, and free cash flow are on an adjusted basis. Upcoming IR engagements include Sherry House at the Wolfe Research Auto, Auto Tech and Semiconductor Conference in New York City tomorrow, February 11th. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim. Jim Farley: Thank you, Lynn. Thank you to the Ford team, all of our dealers, to our suppliers, and all of our partners. We executed very well last year. We managed through numerous challenges that came our way, from multiple tariffs to supply chain disruptions, and delivered good results in all areas within our control at Ford. We continue to grow $187 billion of revenue. We also lowered material and warranty costs and made significant progress on quality. Our U.S. market share climbed to 13.2%, our best performance in six years. I'm pleased to say we delivered TSR of 42%.

Page 3 of 20

Jim Farley (cont’d): On the bottom line, we generated $6.8 billion of adjusted EBIT for the full year. This includes $2 billion headwind for Novelis fires and the net tariff impact of $2 billion. That's a $1 billion higher tariff impact than we communicated just in October due to the unexpected and late year change in tariff credits for auto parts. Without that, our full year EBIT without that one timer, would've been $7.7 billion of EBIT. The takeaway from my perspective is we closed last year a much stronger business with a solid foundation to achieve our target of 8% adjusted EBIT target by 2029. Let's talk about that foundation. We dealt decisively with the reality of the market and shifted our focus of our EV business to a high volume, affordable end of the market. We'll hear more in a second. We made big strides in cost and quality. And yes, that means we recalled many of our old vehicles to take care of our customers. We quietly, but very thoughtfully modernized the company, upgrading our talent, all of our IT tools and enterprise tools, the culture of the company, and the facilities to unleash the performance and efficiency of our team. We're now locked in a more vibrant and profitable product and technology roadmap. No boring products is what we like to say. And boy, we can't wait for you to see our next generation. We have another wave of sophisticated and passionate vehicles for work, adventure, fun, and off-road with a tech suite that will change the experience of owning a Ford and drive our IS business. Bottom line, the earnings power of our business is accelerating, and our Ford+ strategy distinguishes us from the competition in clear ways. First is the revenue power of Ford Pro. It's a durable commercial business our competitors cannot match. Global demand for Super Duty and transit franchise is extremely healthy. In the U.S., Ford Pro's Class 1 through 7 market share is over 42%, roughly the size of our two largest competitors combined. In Europe, we're the number one commercial brand for the 11th straight year. But crucially, we're diversifying that revenue. Software and physical services grew 10%, and now contributes 19% for Ford's Pro's EBIT, rapidly approaching our 20% target. And we continue to deepen our competitive moat thanks to our dealers who are specializing and investing in more and forming new partnerships like ServiceTitan to broaden our reach and integrate directly with the trades. Second is our strength of our diverse truck and off-road lineup in Ford Blue. We have a powerful position in pickup trucks, from the affordable Maverick all the way through the F-series, including, globally, the Ranger. And Ford just won the North America Truck of the Year for the sixth year in a row, an unprecedented industry feat. We also have the highest share of revenue in the U.S. pickup market, growing almost two full share points of revenue last year. Furthermore, we are translating our off-road dominance directly into the profitability of the company. Raptor, and importantly, our off-road performance trims now account for more than 20% of the U.S. sales mix. This gives us massive earning power. And with pending EPA changes, puts us in a strong position to satisfy those unfulfilled demands in the market. You see this all coming to life in improving customer loyalty and advocacy, as evidenced by our higher Net Promoter Scores.

Page 4 of 20

Jim Farley (cont’d): Our corporate reputation is also getting stronger, important to dealing with policymakers, our partners, and of course our communities. In fact, Time Magazine named Ford the Most Iconic Company in America based on its very large survey base of its readers. We also expect to achieve the seventh straight year as America's number one auto producer, and we produce more than five vehicles in America for every one that we import. This year, we anticipate a more stable policy environment for our partnership with the administration this year, especially given a reset in the emission standards. We also expect year-over-year profit improvements driven by richer Ford Blue mix, Ford Pro growth, and reduced Model e losses. We are also targeting another $1 billion of industrial cost improvements. And to drive strong execution, the management's compensation is directly tied to hitting key milestones for cost and quality and software for the vehicles that will come out in the next few years. Our Ford+ plan is not just focused on short-term profitability. Let me be specific about some of the most important drivers for our long-term value creation. First, affordable EVs. We aren't just building compliance vehicles at Ford. We're launching a costefficient, universal EV platform that will drive profitable growth in the lower price segments where the EVs have continued to thrive in America. We will launch multiple vehicles off that same platform, starting with a mid-size pickup, bringing younger and more diverse customers into our brand. The Universal platform also gives us a scalable hedge against a potential regulation snapback in the future. Second is Ford Energy. This is a very strategic business. Our startup with a short payback period that uses our manufacturing muscle and cost advantage with our LFP batteries to diversify our revenue and derisk the core automotive business. Third, we're controlling the electrical architecture at Ford. By bringing this in-house, we lower cost, cut our supply chain risk, and build the brain needed to enhance the user experience to differentiate and expand our integrated services profit pool. Fourth, smart partnerships. We continue to build on our partnership platform. We're looking for ways to help us move faster, to get access to IP that will eventually become commoditized, and to lower our capital expenditures and improve our scale. Our recent agreements with CATL and Renault are different, but good examples. And finally, our product roadmap. We're doubling down on our icons, making the next generation F-150 and Super Duty absolutely breakthroughs in terms of cost, technology, powertrain choice, and functional features. We're also expanding our off-road and performance lineups across our most important and popular franchises. At the same time, we also plan to expand our market coverage with more affordable trucks and SUVs, and we'll do it with a broad mix of powertrains gas, different kinds of hybrids, and fully electric. Customers want choice. Overall, we enter this year with the right portfolio, the right strategy, and the discipline to execute. Sherry…

Page 5 of 20

Sherry House: Thank you, Jim. Looking back at 2025, our performance clearly demonstrated two things, capital discipline and improved cost performance. Our top line remains healthy. Revenue grew for the fifth consecutive year as we continue to expand our share of revenue, including non-traditional segments like hybrid trucks, while accelerating the growth of our higher margin paid software subscriptions. We also stayed disciplined on inventory, cutting US growth stocks by 16% and ending the year at 56 retail day supply, the low end of our target range. We generated $3.5 billion of free cash flow, and ended the year with close to $29 billion in cash and nearly $50 billion in liquidity. We continue to prioritize our balance sheet, a significant competitive advantage that provides flexibility to accelerate investments into accretive opportunities like Ford Energy and both software and physical services. These are high margin, high growth opportunities, grounded in disciplined capital allocation that will drive a higher returning, more resilient business model over time. We remain committed to our investment grade rating while also delivering top quartile shareholder returns through both share price appreciation and dividends, including the declaration of our first quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share last week. Now, turning to segment highlights. Ford Pro, once again, demonstrated its importance and persistence as a key profit pillar for Ford by delivering more than $66 billion of revenue and EBIT to $6.8 billion with a double-digit margin. Pro achieved this in the face of tariffs, production losses due to Novelis, normalization in U.S. industry pricing in more commoditized areas like government and delivery vans in the challenging macroeconomic and regulatory landscape in Europe, where we achieved market share growth. In the U.S., Transit had record sales, up 6% and Super Duty had its best sales in over 20 years, up 10%. Pro continues to evolve its business by diversifying revenue streams and building out its high margin service infrastructure. Paid software subscriptions grew by 30% last year. In 2025, we made meaningful progress in Ford Model E, improving structural cost, our mix of higher margin products, and driving adoption of affordable high volume vehicles. Model E delivered revenue and volume growth of 73% and 69%, respectively, driven by new product introductions in Europe. EBIT losses for the year improved to a $4.8 billion loss, reflecting fewer losses on Gen 1 products, partially offset by increased investment in our Gen 2 products as we prepare for the launch of our UEV platform in 2027. The lower Gen 1 losses were driven by cost reductions and higher volume in Europe, where margins are stronger. Lastly, in December, we rationalized the role of pure EVs in our near-term product portfolio based on changing market realities in the U.S.. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation will significantly improve the run rate of the business going forward. Our performance in Ford Blue was supported by our industry leading power of choice and strength of our truck and SUV franchises. Revenue was roughly flat as higher net pricing and the strength of our product lineup offset most of the 5% decline in wholesales, which includes disruption from Novelis. In the U.S., Blue had the two best-

Page 6 of 20

Sherry House (cont’d): selling hybrid trucks, Bronco had record sales and Explorer was the number one threerow SUV. Our higher margin Raptor franchise also had record sales. Blue delivered $3 billion in EBIT as lower warranty, other cost improvements, and growth in software and physical services were more than offset by planned and unplanned loss production and adverse exchange. Ford Credit delivered full year EBT of $2.6 billion and distributions of $1.7 billion. EBT was up 55% for the year, reflecting improved financing margin. Ford Credit continues to originate a high quality book with U.S. retail and lease FICO scores exceeding 750. We are excited about the recent approval of our industrial bank application. This long-term initiative will expand our capabilities, enabling us to offer additional savings options to customers, further diversify, and lower our cost of funding over time. So, let me turn to our 2026 outlook. For the full year, we expect company adjusted EBIT of $8 billion to $10 billion, adjusted free cash flow of $5 billion to $6 billion, and capital expenditures of $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion as we shift capital to higher return growth opportunities across our portfolio, including roughly $1.5 billion for Ford Energy. Our full year outlook for the industry assumes a U.S. SAAR of 16 million to 16.5 million and flat industry pricing. Excluding Novelis, tailwinds and headwinds for Ford include positive market factors, including favorable mix associated with the sunset of low margin nameplates and benefits from changes in the U.S. regulatory environment. Flat cost, which I would like to unpack further. We expect lower tariff costs of about $1 billion, reflecting a full year's worth of credit expansion. We also expect further material and warranty cost reductions building off our momentum in 2025. These combined savings allow us to absorb about $1 billion of higher commodity prices driven by inflation and pressure on DRAM, as well as incremental investment in support of our UEV platform, the ramp of Ford Energy and cycle plan actions that will drive higher return growth in 2027 and beyond. Additionally, we expect our high margin software and physical services profit to grow by about 6.5%. Now, let me frame Novelis for you. We expect year-over-year improvement of about $1 billion, which is back half weighted. This includes $1.5 billion to $2 billion of temporary costs, including tariffs, to ensure continuity in aluminum supply. These costs are not expected to be repeated in 2027. From a calendarization perspective, we expect our first quarter EBIT to be roughly flat sequentially as we continue to work through the impact of Novelis. We expect to approach a more normalized EBIT in the second quarter with a plan to hit our underlying EBIT run rate level in the second half as volume stabilizes and our portfolio optimization takes hold. To help you better understand this calendarization, we have included a first half, second half bridge for you in our earnings deck. Our segment outlook anticipates another robust year at Fort Pro. With EBIT of $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion, the fundamentals of Pro's business are strong. In North America, we expect continued share growth in an industry that's roughly flat, enabled by conquest sales and a diversified channel mix, which we believe to be well-balanced at roughly

Page 7 of 20

Sherry House (cont’d): one third large corporations, one third SMB, and one third government and rental fleets. We still see untapped demand for crew cab and diesel Super Duty, and most of our contractual deals for the year have already been agreed to. Ford Pro continues to improve its durability by growing its mix of profitable software and physical services globally through precision customer targeting, demand generation initiatives, and Pro specific solutions. While Pro's underlying business continues to strengthen, we expect 2026 results to be dampened by the near term impact in Novelis, ramping Oakville to bolster Super Duty capacity in Canada and a tougher regulatory climate in Europe. We expect losses of $4 billion to $4.5 billion for Ford Model e. This reflects about $1.6 billion of improvement in Gen 1 products driven by lower U.S. volume and cost savings from restructuring the business. These savings will be partially offset by around $600 million in higher Gen 2 costs as we near the launch of LFP batteries in Marshall, Michigan and our UEV platform in Kentucky, along with roughly $400 million in startup costs for Ford Energy. The team is aggressively working on additional Gen 1 cost reductions and ways to further optimize the market equations in the U.S. and Europe. We continue to target Model e reaching breakeven in 2029. For Ford Blue, we expect EBIT of $4 to $4.5 billion, reflecting improvement in the underlying business as we recover from Novelis, favorable mix as we lean into our revenue and profit pillars, and continued progress on cost. Exciting new products like Bronco RTR and Mustang Dark Horse SC will help us expand our off-road leadership and grow our performance business. Furthermore, like Pro, we expect continued growth in our software and physical service offerings for retail customers through increased convenience and engagement. Lastly, Ford Credit's EBT will be about $2.5 billion. Relative to special items for 2026, in December, we announced actions to rebalance our EV portfolio and assets and launch more multi-energy platforms. In 2026 and 2027, we expect to record about $7 billion in charges related to our updated EV strategy and the expected disposition of our BOSK investment. Cash expenditures are expected to be up to about $5.5 billion with most of this weighted in 2026. As I mentioned at the beginning, our 2025 performance demonstrated progress against our Ford+ plan, not just in growth and profitability, but also quality, capital discipline, the right product portfolio and consistent cash generation. Our underlying business is strong and we are relentlessly working to strengthen it further as we continue to focus on improving both quality and cost, as well as returns and cashflow. I'll now turn it over to the operator so we can start Q&A. Operator: We will now move to our question and answer session. If you have joined via the webinar, please use the raise hand icon, which can be found at the bottom of your webinar application. If you have joined by phone, please dial star nine on your keypad and when you are called on, please unmute your line and ask your question. Please

Page 8 of 20

Operator (cont’d): limit to one question and one follow-up today. We will now pause a moment to assemble the queue. Our first question will come from Dan Levy with Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Dan Levy: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking questions. I want to first start with a question on slide 19 and some of the assumptions you have for 2026, and maybe you can help us unpack the pieces on the market factors, which seem to be quite positive in what's driving the year-over-year increase. Now, I know you said that there's a billion dollars of Novelis, but maybe you can help unpack the magnitude of other benefit you're getting on the mix side and how that all of this can, on powertrain, and how all of this can offset maybe some of the declines on volume from Escape/Corsair and also the more competitive environment. And maybe, if you could, just a word on tariff assumptions, as well. Thank you. Sherry House: Yeah, sure. Thank you so much, Dan, for the question. So, let me just start with the Novelis improvement of $1 billion year over year, and I'll unpack that slightly for you. That assumes $2.5 to $3 billion reflecting the non-reoccurrence of 2025 losses and capacity actions at Dearborn and Kentucky truck plants. So, you'll recall that we had about $2 billion of losses last year. The expectation is that would be non-recurring as we enter into 2026. Originally, we thought we would make up about a $1 billion of that. Now we think we'll make up $0.5 billion to $1 billion based on the second fire in November. That's going to be offset by a $1.5 to $2 billion of temporary costs, and that's to ensure supply continuity. There will be tariffs and premium freight associated with that supply continuity of aluminum until we can get the Novelis hot mill back up and running sometime between May and September. With respect to the positive market factors, yes, it does include the sunset of low margin nameplates, namely Escape, but there's also benefits that we expect to achieve from changes in the U.S. regulatory environment. And the biggest impact there would be about $0.5 billion less of credits in the U.S.. You'll note that we had about $0.7 billion of credits last year, but about $0.5 billion of that is attributed to the U.S.. Cost, roughly flat, excluding the Novelis impacts. We had industrial cost improvements. We're expecting of maybe around $1 billion, again, in material and warranty costs. We're expecting tariff costs lower by $1 billion year over year, but again, that's going to be offset by the Novelis temporary costs in '26. We'll have higher commodity prices, we think. And there's also investment in UEV, Ford Energy, and the cycle plan that we spoke about. We also expect there to be continued growth in the high margin software and physical services businesses that we talked about in Pro, but across all of retail, including Blue. Other factors are largely balanced exchange, compliance, et cetera.

Page 9 of 20

Dan Levy: Great. Sherry House: And then did you have a further question on tariffs or did that answer it? Dan Levy: Oh, no. I think you covered the tariff question. Thank you. As a follow-up, Jim, I'd like to just ask conceptually how you're looking at the investment in EV and AV. And really it's just in the context of if we look at the arc of investment you had the past five years, we know that you and others went through this very heavy push on EV, AV software, had mixed results. And I know you took a big impairment. A lot of companies took big impairment on the back of what happened with the regs, but it seems like you're resetting strategy now. There's a fresh push on EV with UEV, you're making more investments on ADAS and software. So, help us understand, in light of the experience the last few years and how maybe capital inefficient it was for the industry, as a whole, how you're making sure that this new round of investments is being done in a more capital efficient manner. Jim Farley: Thank you for your question. So I think the customer has spoken. That's the punchline. The customers in their duty cycle have spoken. There's enough choice around the world on electrification for us to cherry-pick customers' choices around the world and come up with the right strategy, not only in the U.S., but around the world. In the U.S., you hit it. Our bet is on the UEV. We believe this platform localized in LAP will hit the majority of profitable EVs sold in the U.S., which are $35,000 EVs, high volume. Tesla's shown that we can make money in that market even without subsidy from the government at the right cost level. But that's only part of our strategy. In addition to that, we're betting on hybrid across our lineup and EREV where it makes sense for our duty cycle, like large trucks where towing is a real important application and both FHEV and pure electric will definitely not work. So we're looking to make CO2 reductions across our lineup, but we're doing it in a very efficient way. Overseas, the story's a bit different. Overseas, we're looking to piggyback in Europe with Renault and Volkswagen on capital efficient, high scale, lower cost solutions like B car EVs in Renault. We think that is a market, depending on how the EU and the UK incentivize them, but that can be profitable. Elsewhere, we'll be opportunistic between PHEVs and hybrids for Ranger, our body on frame and our growing export business from China will be opportunistic based on that customer in Australia or South Africa or Brazil, exactly what they want. I think the real question that I ask myself is how will the Chinese change the game with all of these in terms of pricing power, given the overly competitive, subsidized reality. And for example, in January, the Chinese market being down 25% year-over-year. If

Page 10 of 20

Jim Farley (cont’d): that persists, we will have to future-proof our costs around that pricing reality. That and the regulatory environment, I think are the wild cards in this strategy, but that's the same wildcard every OEM has. But I do believe this is the right allocation of capital. It's a combination of partnerships where it makes sense, efficient, partial electrification investments where we have revenue power and really hitting the EV market in the core of the market in our home market where there's not a lot of competition. Dan Levy: Great. Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Joseph Spak with UBS. You may now unmute and ask your question. Joseph Spak: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Sorry to go back to this so quickly, Sherry, but just to make sure I got this Novelis impact right in my head here. So it was a $2 billion impact in 2025. You're talking about that's lower by a billion in 2026, so a billion, but that's still inclusive of $1.5 billion to $2 billion of temporary costs. So the delta to get you back higher, I guess, is the volume portion of it. So I guess put another way, if all that temporary sourcing costs and logistics and higher tariffs is really temporary, you're basically saying that $9 billion EBIT is more like $10.5 billion or a little bit above that. Is that the right way of thinking about that? Sherry: It is a fair way to think about it. Yeah. So basically we'd have non-recurrence of the $2 billion from last year, so that would start your 2026 better. And then we had planned on being able to make up about a billion of that. Now we think it's probably a half a billion to a billion. So that's how I said top line, two and a half to three, but we have temporary costs and those are going to be one and a half to two. So when you take that off, that gets you with the net positive $1 billion for the year. And I do agree that you would have some tailwind from that going into 2027. Jim Farley: Given Novelis is so important. Kumar, do you want to say anything about the variability of those costs and how reliable is our aluminum supply now? Kumar Galhotra: Okay. So two facts there, Jim. We expect the mill to start back up somewhere in the middle of the year, the range between somewhere May and September. And we have a team working closely with Novelis on the ground there so we know exactly where things

Page 11 of 20

Kumar Galhotra (cont’d): stand. But the more important part is the second part of your question. We have contingency plans to secure sufficient supply for various scenarios, no matter where we end up with the start date between May and September. Joseph Spak: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just the second question, another one I guess on market factors, and I want to focus, I guess, specifically on two areas. One is you've got some competitors out there that are trying to regain share in North American trucks and European LCVs. So how you think about the market impact there? I know you mentioned in your remarks some affordable trucks in pro. And then even beyond that, is there any more granularity or color you could give us as to what gets you comfortable with the forward-specific market mix factors that can aid profitability to help offset some of these costs? Andrew Frick: Yeah, Joe, it's Andrew Frick. First of all, let me comment on the first part around full-size pickup. That is always a competitive segment, so this is nothing new for us. And as the leader, we have to be ready for challenges at all times. We have a great pickup lineup right now, a great F-series lineup. We cover the breadth of the entire segment and we've actually been growing. In fact, last year, as Jim mentioned, we grew two points of revenue share and one and a half points of volume share in 2025. And we've actually expanded our truck leadership position over our key competitors each of the last two years and by a sizable margin. But as we enter this year in 2026, we of course always approach it humbly. Our dealer network is really set up and is a real strength for us. They continue to invest in the truck business. Our stock positions are on the low end of our day supply range right now, and our overall market approach is to remain disciplined in our market equation, balancing the stock share and our incentive spending. And we're going to continue to maximize series and powertrain mix as we approach that segment. And really on the second part around broader market and our portfolio, we're looking to improve our mix based on customer demand across the whole portfolio. And Sherry mentioned some of the product mix impacts. We started making some of those in the second half of last year based on the changing conditions. For example, we're increasing hybrids on Mavericks to address demand while F-150, we're increasing V8s, Lariats, Raptors, both again, tied to customer demand. So part of our ongoing efforts to optimize the market equation, our approach is to balance our mix while also increasing our revenue. And that was evident last year as we increased our share revenue again on pickups and 4 X 4 vehicles.

Page 12 of 20

Jim Farley: Alicia, any comment from you on Pro for our assumptions this year for market equations, what you're seeing given that we're competitively quoting for several months now? Alicia Boler Davis: To start it off, we've been a leader in Europe from a fleet perspective for the past 11 years, and it was a very competitive market last year. We expect it to continue to be. Right now, we're seeing strong demand from an orders perspective on our light commercial vehicle side. We absolutely have a very competitive environment, but we have very competitive products, and we also have services that we're continuing to invest in and grow, where we're offering our fleet customers solution for uptime and productivity. So we're seeing strong demand for orders coming through the quarter, and we've also seen just solid pricing. And so our initial assumption was that we'd see a small decline in pricing to start the year, and we actually have not seen that yet, but we're very tied into what's happening in the market and making sure that we're responding there for customers. Joe Spak: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Emmanuel Rosner with Wolf Research. Emmanuel Rosner: Great. Thank you so much. My first question is on capital expenditure. So you're making these investments into higher return products and technology going forward, but I think at the income statement level, it's roughly offset by ongoing cost savings. So you're investing, if I get the numbers right, maybe an extra billion dollars, but then you have a billion dollars in savings. At a CapEx level, it seems like you're actually ticking it up and I was a bit surprised by this. So how should we think about the CapEx needs for these investments over the next few years? Is this a new run rate or is there an initial boost needed because of the energy storage investment? Sherry House: Yeah, thank you for the question, Emmanuel. So Guidance reflects an increase in capital spending of a little more than $1 billion, as you noted, so $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion. That increase is driven by our investment in Ford Energy, which is the largest portion of it is expected to be in 2026. We had talked about a $2 billion investment in Ford Energy and $1.5 billion of that is planned for 2026. The mix of our capital spending continues to shift. We have a new capital allocation process. It's changed. It's really pushing our capital into more accretive areas of the

Page 13 of 20

Sherry House (cont’d): business, and we've consistently stayed nimble - adjusting to customer demand and a changing regulatory environment as well. So what I would say is that roughly 75% of our capital over the plan period is going into our higher return, larger truck and multi-energy portfolio. And then that balance 25% is your Ford Energy and continued Model e investments like in UEV, EREV and things of that nature. Jim Farley: And the goal for that capital allocation is very clear. It's to get to 8% EBIT margin for our company. We are investing more in Blue as well, hybrid and new products that will be very profitable. And we are decelerating the investment in Model e, even though it's still at high levels, as Sherry said, we are descaling that investment. So the goal is to set up the company over the next couple of years to be that 8% margin company, and that's the kind of capital we need to invest. Emmanuel Rosner: Thank you. And then as a follow-up still on the Model e then, I guess to get to this ultimate target, you'll probably also have to execute on bringing back Model e to profitability. Can you talk maybe about some of the levers and cadence between now and 2029? It seems like you're having a lot of savings this year on Gen 1, but investments on the new generation. Is the improvement towards breakeven, is that going to be backend loaded towards 2029 or can we expect some steady improvement throughout the time period? Sherry House: Yeah, thank you. I think you can expect steady improvement throughout the time period. As the UEV products come on board 2027 and then get even more profitable in 2028 and beyond with additional variants, that's going to improve the profit margin as will the introduction of B vehicles in Europe that also will be coming on board as well. And all of that's going to be happening as some of the Gen 1 becomes lower volume. Emmanuel Rosner: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Ryan Brinkman with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Please feel free to unmute. Ryan Brinkman: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was intrigued by Jim's comment that full year 2025 tariff cost track $2 billion versus the $1 billion that was communicated at the time of the 3Q earnings due to a late year change in tariff credits on auto parts such that full year

Page 14 of 20

Ryan Brinkman (cont’d): EBIT proforma for this would've been $7.7 billion, which is substantially better than the $6.0 billion to $6.5 billion that was guided to on the 3Q call. Firstly, can you help on what exactly was the regulatory change? I'm aware of the change to tariff on the nonUSMCA compliant parts. I thought that was a positive though, allowing for a longer phase out to the offsets there. And then secondly, the fact that full year EBIT proforma for the unexpected headwind track, what $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion better than expected. Can you talk about what is it that tracked so materially better than at the time of 3Q earnings? And then finally, as we head into 2026, you characterize the headwind as maybe one time. Is there any headwind relative to the tariff credit change that continues with you or did it only impact the fourth quarter? Thanks. Jim Farley: Go ahead, Steve. I think we had a great question and a very important question for Ford. Because we're the most American company, we have a very different footprint than our competitors. It's largely related to parts recovery and the timing. Go ahead, Steve. Steve Croley: Sure, thanks. Yes. The short explanation is a credit that we have against tariff liabilities on parts became effective on November 1st, and we had understood it would become effective instead on May 3rd. And so that delta is about $1 billion / $900 million that Sherry referenced. It will mean to your last question that going forward, we can use this credit, and this is a one-time hit, but that was the hiccup that we experienced in December and accounts for about $1 billion of the difference. Ryan Brinkman: Okay, great. Sherry House: [inaudible 00:47:37]. Oh, sorry. You had a follow-up question about just Q4 must have been coming in stronger given that we would've been at $7.7 billion. You're absolutely right. It was crossed. A lot of that was cost and you might've noted that we said that we ended up with $1.5 billion of cost improvements on a year-over-year basis versus what we originally were targeting at $1 billon and its multiple elements of cost, little bit of pricing in there too. Ryan Brinkman: Okay, very helpful, thank you. And then just lastly, while I know you don't report EBIT by region, could you speak to the performance in Europe, including how you would rate the strength and profitability of both your passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle

Page 15 of 20

Ryan Brinkman (cont’d): businesses there, and how the outlook for the two businesses could be impacted by either the EV portfolio changes announced on December 15, or the agreement that was signed with Renault, on December 9, regarding the two incremental Ford branded EVs and cooperation on light commercial vehicles. Thanks. Jim Farley: Thank you. Well, we've always been very consistent, the core of our European businesses, our Pro strategy, continues to be very profitable. And in fact, this is kind of the first year we've seen the benefits of the VW scale with our one ton van, where it's worth a lot of money to combine our scale. Your question obviously points to the growing concern around the profit pool for profitable passenger cars in Europe, and that's exactly where the conversation should go when it comes to Europe. We obviously are taking steps to address our profitability of our passenger car business, as we have for many years. Jim Baumbick and the team are very focused on using Renault's platform, especially their B-sized EV to dramatically reduce our costs and improve the profitability of our EV business in Europe, and we see that as a very critical moment for us. We also have plans, exciting plans for Europe, on our passenger cars, but we will play very carefully in specific segments to our strengths, to make sure that not only do we build a profitable passenger car business, but we also support our dealer's profitability so they can invest even more in growth in Pro. Now, the real rub is going to be how the UK and European, the EU, handle the choice between CO2 reduction and jobs. And this is a place where Ford is quite outspoken because we're not a national champion, we can really speak on behalf of the customers on what the right balance is between CO2 reduction and where customers really stand, as well as job risk. And I will tell you that most of the variability of that profitable passenger car market is going to come down to the policies with the EU and the UK governments. Ryan Brinkman: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Percoco with Morgan Stanley. Andrew Percoco: Great. Can you hear me? Hello? Sherry: Yes, we can.

Page 16 of 20

Andrew Percoco: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. Jim Farley: Hi. We can hear you. Andrew Percoco: Awesome. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to come back to energy storage, and hoping you can just provide a little bit more context around your capital allocation decision there. And along with that, I know you're two years away or so from really ramping up that production, but this is a much longer lead time market than your traditional auto market. So, I'm just curious if you can share any feedback or context around what customers you might be speaking to, and maybe the feedback that you've been receiving, and maybe where you see yourselves really fitting into that market. Thank you. Jim Farley: Sure. It's early days, but at the strategy level, there is no doubt that the growth for battery storage, for both data center build out and grid stability, places like California, and Texas, and Florida is exploding, both for consumers and business users like data centers. We have been deeply engaged with customers as we develop this business plan, and we continue to engage them in specific contracts for our 20 gigawatt hour capacity in '27 and beyond. I would say this is not at the pace of auto industry. We can build the factories faster than auto, and we can scale our revenue much faster. We also have a significant advantage technology-wise. We have access, working with CATL and licensing new technology, but in our own plants, we have a significant advantage with the LFP technology, compared to our competitors who are either importing with high tariffs, LFP, or trying to run this business with lithium batteries, and much higher costs locally made. We believe that Ford has the manufacturing expertise to scale this business, we have great partners that can help us, and we're really excited to be a customer-facing business. We don't want to be a contract manufacturer of batteries, we want to have end-to-end solutions for customers, where Ford Energy people will be calling, fulfilling not just the sales contracts, but servicing those customers over the long term. We believe this is a great adjacency for our Pro business, fits right in the wheelhouse of our expertise, and given our advantage technologically, maybe for a period of time before battery costs commoditize, we feel like the customers are very excited. When we come calling to large grid suppliers, energy companies, they're really excited about Ford being in this business. We're a trusted company, they've been buying our vehicles for a long time, and we've done our homework on this business.

Page 17 of 20

Andrew Percoco: Great. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. And maybe just to follow up with another question on capital allocation. Jim, I think you've been a pretty big advocate of partnerships in the past where it makes sense. So, when it comes to your autonomy strategy, sounds like you're trying to do a lot of that yourselves in-house. Can you maybe just elaborate on why that's the right decision, why a partnership doesn't make sense in this context? Thank you. Jim Farley: Good question. BlueCruise is largely a supplier-based system that Ford basically perfected the customer experience, but level three is quite different. It's a very important safety critical system, where people are traveling in high speed on the highways with their eyes off, and we had real expertise coming from Argo. The people that we got out of the Argo team, that are now in Latitude, are very experienced people, and we don't think the technology is exclusive. What we think…why we want to bring this in-house is two reasons. Affordability. These are very expensive hardware solutions and software, by bringing them inside the company, we can save thousands of dollars per vehicle in cost. That's why we're launching L3 with the UEV. Many of our competitors are launching level three with their luxury brands. We're going to be doing it with our $30,000 to $35,000 vehicles. That's a big strategy choice by Ford. We can do that because we did this inside the company, and we had control over the hardware and it wasn't supplier-based, so it was more affordable. The second thing is the experience. When you're driving down the highway with your eyes off the road, it's very important to have safety critical systems, when the vehicle re-engages the customer, how that whole process works, and all the content sharing, and all the other activities the customers can be doing and not driving the car. So, it's very important for us to control and curate the experience on level three. Level four strategy could be quite different, I'm not going to go into that today, but I think we look at level four quite differently than level three autonomy. Andrew Percoco: That's super helpful. Thanks so much. Jim Farley: Thank you. Operator: Your next question will come from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon, thank you very much for taking the questions. I was hoping to talk first on costs. You talked about $1.5 billion of progress this past year, excluding tariffs,

Page 18 of 20

Mark Delaney (cont’d): and expecting another billion in 2026. If we go back to the '23 investor day, you talked about a $7 billion relative cost cap with peers, and I'm curious with the progress Ford is seeing, where do you think you are on that journey, and is seven billion still the right number for investors to have in mind over time? Kumar Galhotra: So, you're absolutely right, billion and a half last year, another billion this year, most of it from material as well as warranty. And obviously we refresh the cost gap scenarios as all the earnings come out, we will redo that, but firmly believe that we're closing that gap quite rapidly. Jim Farley: I just want to highlight the important work that Kumar and Doug are doing on the next generation product. We're launching high volume, very meaningful products in the next couple years, and embedded in those products is much lower cost. So, not only are we doing it year to year, through BOM adjustments, negotiation with our suppliers, lower freight and duty, lower labor content in our plants, we're also embedding that, all that thinking into our next generation of products. And to me, that is the ultimate work together because that will change the culture of the company. Mark Delaney: Helpful, thank you for those comments. My other question was around inventory, you mentioned exiting '25 at the low end of your inventory target, obviously facing some challenges around supply chain, but as you think about what's assumed in your '26 guidance, and making up for a degree of the lost volume from this past year, are you assuming you restock dealers as part of your outlook for this year, or are you planning to shift to demand? And I ask in part to try and understand around the extra shift of Fseries production, is that something that might be sustainable into 2027? Thanks. Andrew Frick: Yeah, good question. We ended the year on the low end of our range, we reduced our stocks dramatically year to year, leaving '25. So, we were down 16%. We had about a 66 gross day supply. We expect in '26 to remain within our targeted levels, of the 55 to 65 retail day supply for the year, we will be on the lower end of our F-150s for the first half of the year as we rebuild in the second half of the year, but we'll stay within our overall range. And we have, combined with that as the demand side of the business, that will allow us to do that, especially in our truck business. Mark Delaney: Thank you.

Page 19 of 20

Operator: Your final question will come from Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. Colin Langan: Oh, great, thanks for taking my questions. Just to clarify on Novelis, I think you originally said you lost 90,000, you were going to add capacity of 50. Sounds like, is that still the case that we should see about 140,000-ish increase, or I think your comments seem to imply that maybe it's a little lower than that? Any color there on the actual volume recovery we should expect? Sherry House: Yeah, so we had lost around 100,000 units last year, we're planning to increase by about 50 to 60 this year is the plan. Colin Langan: Okay. Because I thought you originally said you expected a billion, and now it's a 500 to a billion. So, is that just the added cost to get the... That's what's worse than you originally thought in Q3 is the added cost to get that aluminum over? Sherry House: Well, the added cost is definitely a factor, and that came after the second fire in November. So, the added cost is different than when we had reported after the first fire. Colin Langan: Okay. And then, if I look at the free cash flow guide, it's up $2 billion at the midpoint, adjusted EBIT's up $2 billion, but CapEx is up over a billion. What's the additional billion help to free cash flow to keep the adjusted up $2 billion without the CapEx being higher? Sherry House: Yes. So, you're talking about the cashflow from 3.5 this year to the midpoint, which would be at 5.5 in 2026, right? So, that's going to be driven by higher automotive EBIT, that's going to be driving with your free cashflow conversion. We also had a receivable from the U.S. government for a billion dollars in tariffs, and we do have, as you said, higher capital spending in '26 as we moved into these higher growth opportunities. Colin Langan: Got it, okay. So, the receivable from the government. Okay. All right, thank you very much for taking my questions.

Page 20 of 20

Sherry House: You're welcome. Operator: This concludes the Ford Motor Company fourth quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

https://ford.to/facebook https://x.com/ford https://ford.to/linkedin

Ford Reports Fourth-Quarter, Full-Year 2025 Financial Results • Fourth-quarter and full-year revenue reached $45.9 billion and $187.3 billion, respectively; fifth consecutive year of full-year revenue growth • Fourth-quarter and full-year net loss of $11.1 billion and $8.2 billion, respectively, reflected impact of special items; fourth-quarter and full-year adjusted EBIT of $1.0 billion and $6.8 billion, respectively • Full-year operating cash flow was $21.3 billion; adjusted free cash flow was $3.5 billion • Outlook for full-year 2026 includes adjusted EBIT of $8.0 billion to $10.0 billion, adjusted FCF of $5.0 billion to $6.0 billion; and capital spending of $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion

DEARBORN, Mich., Feb. 10, 2026 – Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) today announced its fourthquarter and full-year 2025 financial results.

“Ford delivered a strong 2025 in a dynamic and often volatile environment,” said Jim Farley, Ford president and CEO. “We improved our core business and execution, made significant progress in the areas of the business we control – lowering material and warranty costs and making real progress on quality – and made difficult but critical strategic decisions that set us up for a stronger future. Moving forward, we’ll continue building on our strong foundation to achieve our target of 8% adjusted EBIT margin by 2029.”

Added Ford CFO Sherry House: “Improvements in our industrial system, a robust product roadmap that leverages our core strengths, and a disciplined approach to capital efficiency will drive even stronger results in 2026 and beyond. We remain relentlessly focused on three key levers to improve margins: improvements in EVs, highly accretive anti-cyclical businesses that grow and change our risk profile and next generation core products.”

Total Company Highlights Fourth Quarter Full Year 2024 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change Wholesale Units (000) 1,188 1,083 (9)% 4,470 4,395 (2)%

GAAP Financial Measures Cash Flows from Op. Activities ($B) $ 3.0 $ 3.9 $ 0.9 $ 15.4 $ 21.3 $ 5.9 Revenue ($B) 48.2 45.9 (5)% 185.0 187.3 1 % Net Income / (Loss) ($B) 1.8 (11.1) (12.9) 5.9 (8.2) (14.1) Net Income / (Loss) Margin (%) 3.8 % (24.1) % (27.9) ppts 3.2 % (4.4)% (7.6) ppts EPS (Diluted) 0.45 (2.77) $ (3.22) $ 1.46 $ (2.06) $ (3.52)

Non-GAAP Financial Measures Company Adj. Free Cash Flow ($B) $ 0.7 $ (2.1) $ (2.9) $ 6.7 $ 3.5 $ (3.2) Company Adj. EBIT ($B) 2.1 1.0 (1.1) 10.2 6.8 (3.4) Company Adj. EBIT Margin (%) 4.4 % 2.3 % (2.2) ppts 5.5 % 3.6 % (1.9) ppts Adjusted EPS (Diluted) $ 0.39 $ 0.13 $ (0.26) $ 1.84 $ 1.09 $ (0.75) Adjusted ROIC (Trailing Four Qtrs) 12.9 % 8.8 % (4.2)%

The company reported fourth-quarter revenue of $45.9 billion, a 5% decrease from the same period a year ago. The company reported a net loss of $11.1 billion in the quarter; adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) was $1.0 billion.

For full-year 2025, revenue increased to a record $187.3 billion; the company reported a net loss of $8.2 billion, and adjusted EBIT of $6.8 billion.

Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was $3.9 billion and adjusted free cash flow was negative $2.1 billion. For the year, cash flow from operations was $21.3 billion and adjusted free cash flow was $3.5 billion. At year end, Ford had nearly $29 billion in cash and $50 billion in liquidity.

Business Segment Highlights Fourth Quarter Full Year 2024 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change Ford Blue Segment Wholesales (000) 774 712 (8)% 2,862 2,728 (5)% Revenue ($B) $ 27.3 $ 26.2 (4)% $ 101.9 $ 101.0 (1)% EBIT ($M) 1,577 727 $ (850) 5,269 3,024 $ (2,245) EBIT Margin (%) 5.8 % 2.8 % (3.0) ppts 5.2 % 3.0 % (2.2) ppts

Ford Model e Segment Wholesales (000) 37 37 — % 105 178 69 % Revenue ($B) $ 1.4 $ 1.3 (9)% $ 3.9 $ 6.7 73 % EBIT ($M) (1,397) (1,218) $ 179 (5,105) (4,806) $ 299 EBIT Margin (%) (98.6) % (94.6) % 4.0 ppts (132.3)% (72.1) % 60.3 ppts

Ford Pro Segment Wholesales (000) 378 334 (11) % 1,503 1,488 (1)% Revenue ($B) $ 16.2 $ 14.9 (8)% $ 66.9 $ 66.3 (1)% EBIT ($M) 1,626 1,231 $ (395) 9,007 6,843 $ (2,164) EBIT Margin (%) 10.0 % 8.2 % (1.8) ppts 13.5 % 10.3 % (3.1) ppts

In 2025, Ford Pro generated more than $66 billion of revenue, with EBIT of $6.8 billion and a double-digit margin. In the U.S., Transit vans had record volume and Super Duty pickups had the best volume year since 2004, up 10%. Ford Pro paid software subscriptions grew by 30% in 2025.

Ford Model e reported a full-year EBIT loss of $4.8 billion, a $0.3 billion improvement compared to 2024. The segment continues to focus on improving structural costs and delivering next-generation affordable, high-volume vehicles.

Ford Blue delivered $3.0 billion in EBIT for the year, with full-year revenue flat at $101 billion as higher pricing and a strong product lineup offset a 5% decline in wholesales. In the U.S., F-150 and Maverick were the two best-selling hybrid pickup trucks, Bronco had record sales, and Explorer was the best-selling three-row SUV.

Ford Credit delivered full-year earnings before taxes (EBT) of $2.6 billion, a 55% increase for the year.

Full-Year 2026 Outlook

For full-year 2026, Ford anticipates company adjusted EBIT of $8.0 billion to $10.0 billion; adjusted free cash flow of $5.0 billion to $6.0 billion; and capital expenditures of $9.5 billion to $10.5 billion, including around $1.5 billion to begin ramping Ford Energy.

At the segment level, the EBIT outlook for Ford Pro is $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion; Ford Blue is $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion; and a loss of $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion for Ford Model e. Ford Credit EBT is expected to be about $2.5 billion.

Ford plans to report first-quarter 2026 financial results after the close of market on April 28.

Conference Call Details

At 5:00 p.m. ET today, Ford and Ford Credit management will hold a conference call to discuss these financial results. For the webcast, click here. It will be available for replay for approximately one week following the call at the same link.

Analysts will be able to ask questions on the call. Registration beforehand is strongly recommended to expedite access to the call.

# # #

About Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan, committed to helping build a better world, where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams. The company’s Ford+ plan for growth and value creation combines existing strengths, new capabilities, and always-on relationships with customers to enrich experiences for customers and deepen their loyalty. Ford develops and delivers innovative, must-have Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars and Lincoln luxury vehicles, along with connected services, including BlueCruise (ADAS) and security. The company offers freedom of choice through three customer-centered business segments: Ford Blue, engineering iconic gaspowered and hybrid vehicles; Ford Model e, inventing breakthrough electric vehicles (“EVs”) along with embedded software that defines always-on digital experiences for all customers; and Ford Pro, helping commercial customers transform and expand their businesses with vehicles and services tailored to their needs. Additionally, the company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company. Ford employs about 169,000 people worldwide. More information about the company and its products and services is available at corporate.ford.com.

Contacts: Media Equity Investment Community Fixed Income Investment Community

Shareholder Inquiries David T ovar Lynn Antipas Tyson Sean Moore 1.800.555.5259 or 1.773.682.7954 1.203.616.5689 1.313.248.1587 1.313.845.8540 dtovar9@ford.com ltyson4@ford.com smoor192@ford.co m stockinf@ford.com

The following applies to the information throughout this release:

• See tables later in this release for the nature and amount of special items, and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures designated as “adjusted” to the most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). • Wholesale unit and production volumes include Ford and Lincoln brand vehicles produced and sold by Ford or our unconsolidated affiliates and Jiangling Motors Corporation (“JMC”) brand vehicles produced and sold in China by our unconsolidated affiliate. Revenue does not include vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliates. Wholesales and revenue exclude transactions between the Ford Blue, Ford Model e and Ford Pro business segments • Reported “cash” includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash (including cash held for sale), excluding Ford Credit’s cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

Statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:

• Ford’s long-term success depends on delivering the Ford+ plan, including improving cost competitiveness; • Ford’s products have been and could continue to be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services and reduce the costs associated therewith could continue to have an adverse effect on our business; • Ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with Ford’s production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to timely acquire key components or raw materials has previously disrupted and may, in the future, disrupt Ford’s operations; • Ford’s production, as well as Ford’s suppliers’ production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, commercial relationships, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation; • Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers, retain existing subscribers, and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford’s business; • Ford’s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints; • Ford’s ability to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness;

• Operational information systems, security systems, products, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers; • To facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the manufacture of electrified products, Ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject Ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast; • With a global footprint and supply chain, Ford’s results and operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events; • Ford’s new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and Ford’s reputation may be harmed based on positions it takes or if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced; • Ford may face increased price competition for its products and services, including pricing pressure resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, legal and policy changes, or economic or other factors, particularly for electrified vehicles; • Inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of Ford or Ford Credit’s investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results; • Ford’s results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the United States; • Industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event; • The impact of government incentives on Ford’s business has been and could continue to be significant, and Ford’s receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback; • Ford and Ford Credit’s access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, asset portfolios, or other factors; • Ford Credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles; • Economic and demographic experience for pension and OPEB plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than Ford has assumed; • Pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect Ford’s liquidity and financial condition; • Ford and Ford Credit have experienced and could continue to experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise; • Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to respond to shifting consumer sentiment and competitive dynamics as a result of policy changes affecting, or otherwise to comply with, safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations; • Ford and Ford Credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, data access, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers’ heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information; and • Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations.

We cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forwardlooking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. It is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim to the extent permitted by law, any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional discussion, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as updated by our subsequent filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

FORD MOTOR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions, except per share amounts) For the years ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Revenues Company excluding Ford Credit ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 165,901 $ 172,706 $ 173,996 Ford Credit ........................................................................................................................................................................... 10,290 12,286 13,271 Total revenues ........................................................................................................................................................................ 176,191 184,992 187,267 Costs and expenses Cost of sales ........................................................................................................................................................................... 150,550 158,434 174,466 Selling, administrative, and other expenses ........................................................................................................................................................................... 10,702 10,287 10,849 Ford Credit interest, operating, and other expenses ........................................................................................................................................................................... 9,481 11,052 11,121 Total costs and expenses ........................................................................................................................................................................ 170,733 179,773 196,436 Operating income/(loss) 5,458 5,219 (9,169) Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit ........................................................................................................................................................................... 1,302 1,115 1,254 Other income/(loss), net ........................................................................................................................................................................... (603) 2,451 1,746 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies ........................................................................................................................................................................... 414 678 (3,153) Income/(Loss) before income taxes ........................................................................................................................................................................... 3,967 7,233 (11,830) Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes ........................................................................................................................................................................... (362) 1,339 (3,668) Net income/(loss) ........................................................................................................................................................................... 4,329 5,894 (8,162) Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ........................................................................................................................................................................... (18) 15 20 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 4,347 $ 5,879 $ (8,182) EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO FORD MOTOR COMPANY COMMON AND CLASS B STOCK Basic income/(loss) ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 1.09 $ 1.48 $ (2.06) Diluted income/(loss) ........................................................................................................................................................................... 1.08 1.46 (2.06) Weighted-average shares used in computation of earnings/(loss) per share Basic shares 3,998 3,978 3,979 Diluted shares 4,041 4,021 3,979

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions) December 31, 2024 December 31, ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... $ 22,935 $ 23,356 Marketable securities ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 15,413 15,131 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $247 and $261 ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 51,850 49,130 Trade and other receivables, less allowances of $84 and $108 ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 14,723 15,398 Inventories ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 14,951 15,285 Other assets ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 4,602 5,187 Total current assets ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 124,474 123,487 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $617 and $650 ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 59,786 61,449 Net investment in operating leases ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 22,947 28,540 Net property ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 41,928 37,288 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 6,821 2,753 Deferred income taxes ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 16,375 21,953 Other assets ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 12,865 13,690 Total assets .......................................................................................................................................................................................................... $ 285,196 $ 289,160 LIABILITIES Payables ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... $ 24,128 $ 25,809 Other liabilities and deferred revenue ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 27,782 31,779 Debt payable within one year ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... Company excluding Ford Credit ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 1,756 5,550 Ford Credit ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 53,193 51,752 Total current liabilities ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 106,859 114,890 Other liabilities and deferred revenue ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 28,832 30,902 Long-term debt ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... Company excluding Ford Credit ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 18,898 16,369 Ford Credit ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 84,675 89,665 Deferred income taxes ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 1,074 1,354 Total liabilities .......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 240,338 253,180 EQUITY Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (4,138 million shares issued of 6 billion authorized) ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 41 41 Class B Stock, par value $0.01 per share (71 million shares issued of 530 million authorized) ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 1 1 Capital in excess of par value of stock ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 23,502 23,922 Retained earnings ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 33,740 22,508 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... (9,639) (7,710) Treasury stock ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... (2,810) (2,810) Total equity attributable to Ford Motor Company ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 44,835 35,952 Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 23 28 Total equity ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 44,858 35,980 Total liabilities and equity ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... $ 285,196 $ 289,160

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the years ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Cash flows from operating activities Net income/(loss) ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 4,329 $ 5,894 $ (8,162) Depreciation and tooling amortization ........................................................................................................................................................................... 7,690 7,567 7,834 Other amortization ........................................................................................................................................................................... (1,167) (1,700) (1,839) EV asset impairment/program cancellation asset write -downs (including depreciation of $8,140) ........................................................................................................................................................................... — — 9,435 Provision for credit and insurance losses ........................................................................................................................................................................... 438 575 616 Pension and other postretirement employee benefits (“OPEB”) expense/(income ) ........................................................................................................................................................................... 3,052 149 1,062 Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received ........................................................................................................................................................................... (33) (287) 3,572 Foreign currency adjustments ........................................................................................................................................................................... (234) 227 (87) Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments ........................................................................................................................................................................... 205 42 (346) Stock compensation ........................................................................................................................................................................... 460 511 510 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes ........................................................................................................................................................................... (1,649) 350 (4,536) Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) ........................................................................................................................................................................... (4,827) (4,299) 4,992 Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets ........................................................................................................................................................................... (2,620) (2,497) (2,791) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory ........................................................................................................................................................................... (1,219) 27 539 Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities ........................................................................................................................................................................... 9,829 8,425 10,103 Other ........................................................................................................................................................................... 664 439 380 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ......................................................................................................................................................................... 14,918 15,423 21,282

Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending ........................................................................................................................................................................... (8,236) (8,684) (8,815) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases ........................................................................................................................................................................... (54,505) (59,720) (55,747) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases ........................................................................................................................................................................... 44,561 45,159 45,710 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments ........................................................................................................................................................................... (8,590) (12,300) (9,457) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments ........................................................................................................................................................................... 12,700 12,346 10,063 Settlements of derivatives ........................................................................................................................................................................... (138) (268) (443) Capital contributions to equity method investments ........................................................................................................................................................................... (2,733) (2,323) (1,172) Returns of capital from equity method investments ........................................................................................................................................................................... 1 1,465 1,702 Other ........................................................................................................................................................................... (688) (45) 110 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities ........................................................................................................................................................................ (17,628) (24,370) (18,049)

Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents ........................................................................................................................................................................... (4,995) (3,118) (2,989) Purchases of common stock ........................................................................................................................................................................... (335) (426) — Net changes in short-term debt ........................................................................................................................................................................... (1,539) (276) 654 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt ........................................................................................................................................................................... 51,659 57,312 49,688 Payments of long-term debt ........................................................................................................................................................................... (41,965) (45,680) (50,303) Other ........................................................................................................................................................................... (241) (327) (255) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ........................................................................................................................................................................ 2,584 7,485 (3,205) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ........................................................................................................................................................................... (104) (458) 532 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ (230) $ (1,920) $ 560

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 25,340 $ 25,110 $ 23,190 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ........................................................................................................................................................................... (230) (1,920) 560 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period ........................................................................................................................................................................... $ 25,110 $ 23,190 $ 23,750

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

The tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information. Company excluding Ford Credit includes our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro, reportable segments, Corporate Other, Interest on Debt, and Special Items. Eliminations, where presented, primarily represent eliminations of intersegment transactions and deferred tax netting.

Selected Income Statement Information. The following table provides supplemental income statement information (in millions):

For the Year Ended December 31, 2025

Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Consolidated Revenues $ 173,996 $ 13,271 $ 187,267 Total costs and expenses 185,315 11,121 196,436 Operating income/(loss) (11,319) 2,150 (9,169) Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 1,254 — 1,254 Other income/(loss), net 1,389 357 1,746 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies (3,203) 50 (3,153) Income/(Loss) before income taxes (14,387) 2,557 (11,830) Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes (4,050) 382 (3,668) Net income/(loss) (10,337) 2,175 (8,162) Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 20 — 20 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ (10,357) $ 2,175 $ (8,182)

Selected Balance Sheet Information. The following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information (in millions): December 31, 2025 Assets Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Cash and cash equivalents $ 14,086 $ 9,270 $ — $ 23,356 Marketable securities 14,347 784 — 15,131 Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 49,130 — 49,130 Trade and other receivables, net 7,679 7,719 — 15,398 Inventories 15,285 — — 15,285 Other assets 3,888 1,299 — 5,187 Receivable from other segments 1,059 2,581 (3,640) — Total current assets 56,344 70,783 (3,640) 123,487

Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 61,449 — 61,449 Net investment in operating leases 2,038 26,502 — 28,540 Net property 36,950 338 — 37,288 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 2,628 125 — 2,753 Deferred income taxes 21,438 512 3 21,953 Other assets 11,536 2,154 — 13,690 Total assets $ 130,934 $ 161,863 $ (3,637) $ 289,160

Liabilities Payables $ 24,845 $ 964 $ — $ 25,809 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 29,118 2,661 — 31,779 Company excluding Ford Credit debt payable within one year 5,550 — — 5,550 Ford Credit debt payable within one year — 51,752 — 51,752 Payable to other segments 3,640 — (3,640) — Total current liabilities 63,153 55,377 (3,640) 114,890

Other liabilities and deferred revenue 29,545 1,357 — 30,902 Company excluding Ford Credit long -term debt 16,369 — — 16,369 Ford Credit long-term debt — 89,665 — 89,665 Deferred income taxes 691 660 3 1,354 Total liabilities $ 109,758 $ 147,059 $ (3,637) $ 253,180

Selected Cash Flow Information. The following tables provide supplemental cash flow information (in millions):

For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Cash flows from operating activities Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Net income/(loss) $ (10,337) $ 2,175 $ — $ (8,162) Depreciation and tooling amortization 5,245 2,589 — 7,834 Other amortization 52 (1,891) — (1,839) EV asset impairment/program cancellation asset write -downs (including depreciation of $8,140) 9,435 — — 9,435 Provision for credit and insurance losses 2 614 — 616 Pension and OPEB expense/(income) 1,062 — — 1,062 Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received 3,563 9 — 3,572 Foreign currency adjustments 9 (96) — (87) Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments (317) (29) — (346) Stock compensation 492 18 — 510 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes (4,785) 249 — (4,536) Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) — 4,992 — 4,992 Decrease/(Increase) in intersegment receivables/payables 239 (239) — — Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets (2,838) 47 — (2,791) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory 539 — — 539 Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 9,707 396 — 10,103 Other 294 86 — 380 Interest supplements and residual value support to Ford Credit (4,011) 4,011 — — Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities $ 8,351 $ 12,931 $ — $ 21,282

Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending $ (8,694) $ (121) $ — $ (8,815) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases — (55,747) — (55,747) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases — 45,710 — 45,710 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (9,050) (407) — (9,457) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 9,703 360 — 10,063 Settlements of derivatives 54 (497) — (443) Capital contributions to equity method investments ................................................................................................................................................................ (1,172) — — (1,172) Returns of capital from equity method investments ................................................................................................................................................................ 1,702 — — 1,702 Other 108 2 — 110 Investing activity (to)/from other segments 1,650 — (1,650) — Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities $ (5,699) $ (10,700) $ (1,650) $ (18,049)

Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents $ (2,989) $ — $ — $ (2,989) Purchases of common stock — — — — Net changes in short-term debt 610 44 — 654 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 1,372 48,316 — 49,688 Payments on long-term debt (1,195) (49,108) — (50,303) Other (158) (97) — (255) Financing activity to/(from) other segments — (1,650) 1,650 — Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities $ (2,360) $ (2,495) $ 1,650 $ (3,205) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ 251 $ 281 $ — $ 532

Non-GAAP Financial Measures That Supplement GAAP Measures

We use both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess Company and segment business performance. The non-GAAP measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent GAAP measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. We believe that these nonGAAP measures provide useful perspective on underlying operating results and trends, and a means to compare our period-overperiod results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP . These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted.

• Company Adjusted EBIT (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net income / (Loss) attributable to Ford) – Earnings Before Interest and T axes (EBIT) excludes interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), taxes and pre-tax special items. This nonGAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it focuses on underlying operating results and trends, and improves comparability of our period-over-period results. Our management excludes special items from its review of the results of the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources. Pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses, (ii) significant personnel expenses, supplier- and dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities.

• Company Adjusted EBIT Margin (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Company Net Income / (Loss) Margin) – Company Adjusted EBIT Margin is Company Adjusted EBIT divided by Company revenue. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting.

• Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Earnings / (Loss) Per Share) – Measure of Company’s diluted net earnings / (loss) per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. The measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities.

• Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Effective Tax Rate) – Measure of Company’s tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. The measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting

• Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (FCF) (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities) – Measure of Company’s operating cash flow excluding Ford Credit’s operating cash flows. The measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including Company excluding Ford Credit capital spending, Ford Credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. The measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, restructuring actions, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under GAAP . This measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management’s assessment of the Company’s operating cash flow performance.

• Adjusted ROIC – Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. Adjusted Return on Invested Capital (“Adjusted ROIC”) provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the Company’s after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. Adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and certain pension / OPEB costs. Average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and net pension / OPEB liability.

When we provide guidance for adjusted EBIT, adjusted earnings / (loss) per share, and adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance for their respective most comparable GAAP measures as those GAAP measures will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including gains and losses on pension and OPEB remeasurement, and other items that are difficult to quantify. When we provide guidance for Company adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for its most comparable GAAP measure (net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities) as the GAAP measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the Company's exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), Ford Credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by / (used in) our operating activities.

Net Income / (Loss) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT ($M)

Fourth Quarter Full Year 2024 2025 2024 2025 Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford (GAAP) $ 1,824 $11,064 (11,064)

$ 5,879 $(8,182) (8,182) Income / (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 7 10 15 20 Net Income / (Loss) $ 1,831 $(11,054) (11,054)

$ 5,894 $(8,162) (8,162) Less: (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (483) 3,756 (1,339) 3,668 Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes $ 2,314 $(14,810) (14,810)

$ 7,233 $(11,830) (11,830)

Less: Special Items Pre-Tax 471 (15,497) (1,860) (17,356) Income / (Loss) Before Special Items Pre-Tax $ 1,843 $ 687 $ 9,093 $ 5,526 Less: Interest on Debt (295) (348) (1,115) (1,254) Adjusted EBIT (Non-GAAP) $ 2,138 $ 1,035 $ 10,208 $ 6,780 Memo: Revenue ($B) $ 48.2 $ 45.9 $ 185.0 $ 187.3 Net Income / (Loss) Margin (GAAP) (%) 3.8 % (24.1)% 3.2 % (4.4)% Adjusted EBIT Margin (%) (Non-GAAP) 4.4 % 2.3 % 5.5 % 3.6 %

Earnings / (Loss) Per Share Reconciliation To Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share

Fourth Quarter Full Year 2024 2025 2024 2025 Diluted After-Tax Results ($M) Diluted After-Tax Results (GAAP) $ 1,824 $ (11,064) $ 5,879 $ (8,182) Less: Impact of Pre-T ax and T ax Special Items 261 (11,592) (1,537) (12,581) Adjusted Net Income / (Loss) – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 1,563 $ 528 $ 7,416 $ 4,399

Basic and Diluted Shares (M) Basic Shares (Average Shares Outstanding) 3,970 3,988 3,978 3,979 Net Dilutive Options, Unvested Restricted Stock Units, Unvested Restricted Stock Shares, and Convertible Debt 50 81 43 56 Diluted Shares 4,020 4,069 4,021 4,035

Earnings / (Loss) Per Share – Diluted (GAAP) * $ 0.45 $ (2.77) $ 1.46 $ (2.06) Less: Net Impact of Adjustments 0.06 (2.90) (0.38) (3.15) Adjusted Earnings Per Share – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 0.39 $ 0.13 $ 1.84 $ 1.09

* For the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025, there were 81M and 56M shares, respectively, excluded from the calculation of dilu ted earnings / (loss) per share, due to their anti-dilutive effect.

Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation To Adjusted Effective Tax Rate

2025 Memo: Q4 Full Year Full Year 2024

Pre-Tax Results ($M) Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes (GAAP) $ (14,810) $ (11,830) $ 7,233 Less: Impact of Special Items (15,497) (17,356) (1,860) Adjusted Earnings Before Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ 687 $ 5,526 $ 9,093

Taxes ($M) (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (GAAP) $ 3,756 $ 3,668 $ (1,339) Less: Impact of Special Items 3,905 4,775 323 Adjusted (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ (149) $ (1,107) $ (1,662)

Tax Rate (%) Effective Tax Rate (GAAP) 25.4 % 31.0 % 18.5 % Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Non-GAAP) 21.7 % 20.0 % 18.3 %

Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities Reconciliation To Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow ($M)

2024 2025 Full Year Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2024 2025 Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities (GAAP) $ 1,385 $ 5,508 $ 5,502 $ 3,028 $ 3,679 $ 6,317 $ 7,402 $ 3,884 $15,423 $21,282

Less: Items Not Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows Ford Credit Operating Cash Flows 1,181 685 1,296 438 4,106 2,517 1,741 4,567 3,600 12,931 Funded Pension Contributions (550) (83) (334) (106) (234) (281) (187) (18) (1,073) (720) Restructuring (Including Separations) (a) (176) (289) (226) (108) (163) (46) (22) (205) (799) (436) Ford Credit T ax Payments / (Refunds) Under T ax Sharing Agreement (33) — — 18 — — — — (15) — Other, Net (608) (b) 4 14 (287) (141) (144) (189) (522) (877) (996)

Add: Items Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows

Company Excluding Ford Credit Capital Spending (2,073) (2,078) (1,970) (2,469) (1,790) (2,054) (2,099) (2,751) (8,590) (8,694) Ford Credit Distributions — 150 175 175 200 500 350 600 500 1,650 Settlement of Derivatives 23 (26) 230 (52) 1 109 (1) (55) 175 54 Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (NonGAAP) $ (479) $ 3,237 $ 3,187 $ 727 $ (1,478) $ 2,826 $ 4,309 $ (2,144) $ 6,672 $ 3,513

a. Restructuring excludes cash flows reported in investing activities b. Includes $365M settlement of Transit Connect matter

Adjusted ROIC ($B)

Four Quarters Ending Q4 2024 Four Quarters Ending Q4 2025 Adjusted Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash T ax Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford $ 5.9 $ (8.2) Add: Noncontrolling Interest 0.0 0.0 Less: Income Tax (1.3) 3.7 Add: Cash Tax (1.2) (0.6) Less: Interest on Debt (1.1) (1.3) Less: Total Pension / OPEB Income / (Cost) (0.1) (1.1) Add: Pension / OPEB Service Costs (0.6) (0.4) Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash Tax $ 6.7 $ (10.6) Less: Special Items (excl. Pension / OPEB) Pre-Tax (2.3) (16.6) Adj. Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash T ax $ 9.1 $ 6.1

Invested Capital Equity $ 44.9 $ 36.0 Debt (excl. Ford Credit) 20.7 21.9 Net Pension and OPEB Liability 5.0 4.6 Invested Capital (End of Period) $ 70.5 $ 62.5 Average Invested Capital $ 70.1 $ 69.2

ROIC (a) 9.6 % (15.3) % Adjusted ROIC (Non-GAAP) (b) 12.9 % 8.8 %

a. Calculated as the sum of net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average inv ested capital over the last four quarters b. Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the av erage invested capital over the last four quarters

Special Items ($B)

Fourth Quarter Full Year 2024 2025 2024 2025 Restructuring (by Geography) Europe $ (0.0) $ (0.4) $ (0.7) $ (0.7) North America Hourly Buyouts — — (0.3) — China (0.0) — (0.0) — Subtotal Restructuring $ (0.1) $ (0.4) $ (1.0) $ (0.7)

Other Items Model e Asset Impairment and EV Program Cancellations $ — $ (10.7) $ — $ (10.7) BlueOval SK JV Disposition — (3.2) — (3.2) All-electric Three-row SUV Program Cancellation and Resulting Actions (0.2) (0.8) (1.2) (1.2) Fuel Injector Field Service Action — 0.1 — (0.5) Ford Share of Equity Method Investment's Asset Impairment / Other — (0.0) — (0.3) Ford Share of BlueOval SK's Asset Write Down / Other — (0.0) — (0.2) Legal Matter — (0.1) — (0.1) Gain on Investment in Equity Security — 0.3 — 0.3 Extended Oakville Assembly Plant Changeover 0.1 — (0.2) — Other 0.0 — 0.0 — Subtotal Other Items $ (0.1) $ (14.4) $ (1.3) $ (15.9)

Pension and OPEB Gain / (Loss) Pension and OPEB Remeasurement $ 0.7 (0.6) $ 0.7 $ (0.6) Pension Settlements, Curtailments, and Separations Costs 0.0 (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) Subtotal Pension and OPEB Gain / (Loss) $ 0.7 $ (0.7) $ 0.5 $ (0.7)

Total EBIT Special Items $ 0.5 $ (15.5) $ (1.9) $ (17.4)

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions) For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Financing revenue Operating leases $ 4,105 $ 4,217 $ 4,816 Retail financing 4,236 5,637 6,247 Dealer financing 2,403 2,922 2,603 Other financing 132 170 166 Total financing revenue 10,876 12,946 13,832 Depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases (2,309) (2,482) (2,522) Interest expense (6,311) (7,583) (7,133) Net financing margin 2,256 2,881 4,177 Other revenue Insurance premiums earned 119 171 174 Fee based revenue and other 124 136 100 Total financing margin and other revenue 2,499 3,188 4,451 Expenses Operating expenses 1,360 1,395 1,689 Provision for credit losses 278 417 528 Insurance expenses 53 146 86 Total expenses 1,691 1,958 2,303

Other income/(loss), net 514 424 409

Income before income taxes 1,322 1,654 2,557 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes (2) 398 382 Net income $ 1,324 $ 1,256 $ 2,175

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions)

December 31, December 31, ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,272 $ 9,270 Marketable securities 706 784 Finance receivables, net Retail installment contracts, dealer financing, and other financing 114,069 111,039 Finance leases 7,881 8,757 Total finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $864 and $911 121,950 119,796 Net investment in operating leases 21,689 26,502 Notes and accounts receivable from affiliated companies 836 984 Derivative financial instruments 784 1,528 Other assets 3,055 3,589 Total assets $ 158,292 $ 162,453

LIABILITIES Accounts payable (including to affiliated companies of $723 and $481) $ 1,684 $ 1,445 Debt 137,868 141,417 Deferred income taxes 364 660 Derivative financial instruments 1,992 947 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 2,627 3,180 Total liabilities 144,535 147,649

SHAREHOLDER’S INTEREST Shareholder’s interest 5,166 5,166 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (1,217) (695) Retained earnings 9,808 10,333 Total shareholder’s interest 13,757 14,804 Total liabilities and shareholder’s interest $ 158,292 $ 162,453

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 1,324 $ 1,256 $ 2,175 Provision for credit losses 278 417 528 Depreciation and amortization 2,900 3,112 3,228 Amortization of upfront interest supplements (1,795) (2,395) (2,579) Net change in deferred income taxes (617) 276 249 Net change in other assets (146) (219) (40) Net change in other liabilities 343 327 181 All other operating activities 43 375 104 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 2,330 3,149 3,846

Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of finance receivables (41,765) (43,536) (38,995) Principal collections of finance receivables 36,343 38,370 40,220 Purchases of operating lease vehicles (9,577) (11,731) (14,047) Proceeds from termination of operating lease vehicles 8,700 7,365 6,704 Net change in wholesale receivables and other short -duration receivables (4,794) (4,577) 5,166 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (2,039) (274) (407) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 2,805 356 360 Settlements of derivatives (145) (443) (497) All other investing activities (84) (91) (119) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (10,556) (14,561) (1,615)

Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 51,659 57,202 48,316 Payments of long-term debt (41,753) (45,528) (49,108) Net change in short-term debt (1,424) (795) 44 Cash distributions to parent — (500) (1,650) All other financing activities (139) (135) (97) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 8,343 10,244 (2,495)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 158 (267) 281

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ 275 $ (1,435) $ 17

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 10,520 $ 10,795 $ 9,360 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 275 (1,435) 17 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 10,795 $ 9,360 $ 9,377