=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Ford Motor Company Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call Wednesday, July 30, 2025, 5:00 PM Eastern CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Jim Farley - President, Chief Executive Officer Sherry House - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Frick - President, Ford Blue and Model e, and Interim Head of Ford Pro Kumar Galhotra - Chief Operating Officer Cathy O'Callaghan - Chief Executive Officer, Ford Credit Steve Croley - Chief Policy Officer Lynn Antipas Tyson - Chief Investor Relations Officer

PRESENTATION Operator: Good day everyone. My name is Leila, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome you to the Ford Motor Company Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.

If you would like to ask a question during this time and if you have joined via the webinar, please use the raise hand icon, which can be found at the bottom of your webinar application. If you have joined by phone, please dial star nine on your keypad to raise your hand. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Lynn Antipas Tyson, executive director of investor relations.

Lynn Antipas Tyson: Thank you, Leila, and welcome everyone to Ford Motor Company's Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. With me today are Jim Farley, president and CEO; Sherry House, CFO; Andrew Frick, president Ford Blue and Model e and interim head of Ford Pro; and Kumar Galhotra, chief operating officer. Joining us for Q&A will be Cathy O'Callaghan, CEO of Ford Credit, and Steve Croley, chief policy officer and general counsel.

Today, Jim will provide a high-level overview of our performance and touch on the policy environment. Andrew will then cover market dynamics, followed by Kumar on our industrial progress. Sherry will conclude with a detailed financial review and our updated guidance before we turn to Q&A. We'll be referencing non-GAAP measures today. These are reconciled to the most comparable US GAAP measures in the appendix of our earnings deck. You can find the deck at shareholder.ford.com.

Our discussion also includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ. The most significant risk factors are included on page 20 of our deck. Unless otherwise noted, all comparisons are year-over-year. Company EBIT, EPS, and free cash flow are on an adjusted basis.

Lastly, I'd like to highlight a key near-term public IR engagement. On August 13th, Navin Kumar, CFO of Ford Pro will participate in a fireside chat with Ryan Brinkman at the JPMorgan Auto Conference in New York. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim.

Jim Farley: Thank you, Lynn. Hi everyone. The Ford team delivered a solid second quarter, including a record 50 billion in revenue that underscores the strength of our incredible products and services. Overall, we earned $2.1 billion dollars in adjusted EBIT and delivered another quarter of year-over-year improvement in cost excluding the impact of tariffs.

For the full year, we now expect adjusted EBIT to be between $6.5 and $7.5 billion net of tariffs. I want to recognize our team as well as our dealers and our suppliers for working together effectively to drive our business forward around the world. Thank you.

Jim Farley (cont’d): Ford Pro, our growth engine, best exemplifies our strength this quarter. We've transformed this business by diversifying our revenue streams. Over the past 12 months, aftermarket, which includes parts and software and services, contributed 17% of Pro's EBIT closing in on that 20% target for next year. These high-margin reoccurring revenues make Ford Pro a less cyclical and more durable business.

To accelerate that progress over our multi-year business plan, we are shifting capital towards Pro, funded by reallocating the resources on future EV programs. As I hope you saw earlier today, we're pleased to announce that Alicia Boler Davis will be joining Ford as the president of Ford Pro, effective October 1st. Alicia is an incredibly talented and experienced business leader and her experience across automotive and technology, logistics and customer experience is exactly the right skill set that we need to accelerate Ford Pro's transformation towards software and services and of course greater profitability. Andrew Frick, who has done an excellent job leading Ford Pro on an interim basis will continue to lead Blue and Model e going forward.

Model e delivered a significant margin improvement in the quarter as the team continued to scale operations as we more than doubled the volume in Model e, while also lowering the material cost and driving other operational efficiencies.

On August 11th, that will be a big day for all of us at Ford. We will be in Kentucky to share more about our plans to design and build a breakthrough electric vehicle and a platform in the U.S. This is a Model T moment for us at Ford, a chance to bring in new family vehicles to the world that offer incredible technology, efficiency, space and features. In Ford Blue, U.S. sales in the quarter were especially strong. We gained share and commanded higher pricing, reflecting the strength of this incredible product lineup we have at Ford.

And as America's largest automotive producer and the best-selling brand in the U.S. in the first half of this year, we support a level playing field globally. We value our ongoing cooperation with the administration on trade policy and CO₂ emission standards. We expect tariffs to be a net headwind of about $2 billion this year, and we'll continue to monitor the developments closely and engage with policymakers to ensure U.S. auto workers and customers are not disadvantaged by policy change.

We've been working hard with administration. We believe our cycle plan is right for this tariff environment for the coming years. The latest round of tariff policies, especially the deals in Japan and Europe and potentially South Korea, makes our strategy even more compelling at Ford. Our bet is not to compete in high-volume generic segments that typically require overseas production for cost competitiveness. Instead, we are doubling down on what we do best: trucks, iconic passion products, Ford Pro, and breakthrough technology that you will soon see on our forthcoming EV platform.

Now, on emissions, America's top brand, we further are investing in giving our customers choice along their low CO₂ journey, new investments in ICE, more efficient in performance hybrids and full electric vehicles are all on tap at Ford. We support a single durable national emission standard to ensure sound industry planning. Proposed reforms that are on the table now give us greater powertrain optionality and reduce our need to buy CO₂ credits. In fact, our commitments

Jim Farley (cont’d): to purchase CO₂ credits have already been reduced by nearly $1.5 billion. Further changes will balance standards and customer choice and has the potential to unlock a multi-billion dollar opportunity over the next two years, primarily in Ford Blue, which has carried a lot of the compliance burden. EPA's announcement this week will give us more flexibility with respect to our product mix and volume. Once finalized, this will provide further opportunities to improve profits next year and beyond.

And finally, reaching world-class vehicle quality remains our top priority as a team. Although we face challenges with our older vehicles, the quality improvements on recent model years shows we are on a favorable trajectory. As Kumar explains, we are on track for our best initial quality metrics in over a decade at Ford. Ford is now the most awarded brand in the JD Power's 2025 IQS study, and Lincoln has improved two years in a row. We're proud of the progress and we expect our warranty costs to decline in the years ahead. Andrew?

Andrew Frick: Great. Thank you, Jim. I will start with Ford Pro where our disciplined customer-led investment strategy is paying off. Year to date, Ford Pro's share increased one point in the U.S. and 3.2 points in Europe. This performance is driven by a diverse vehicle lineup and continued investment in the Pro portfolio. Delivering on uptime, the most important KPI for our customers is a shared mission that we have with our dealers.

Over the past year, Ford Pro solutions have boosted customers' uptime by reducing repair time by 20%. As Jim mentioned, we have increased our capital spend on Ford Pro and our dealer network has done the same, investing $2 billion of their own capital since 2022, primarily to expand service capacity. And we have grown our global mobile service network by 18% to more than 4,700 units, enabling growth and service parts penetration. All of this translates to higher quality earnings and connected vehicle data fuels that growth. Paid software subscriptions climbed 24% to 757,000 with average monthly revenue per unit, or ARPU, also growing 24%, driven by roughly a doubling of the telematics and fleet management subscriptions.

Now, let us look at our global business. In the U.S., our sales were exceptionally strong this quarter, growing seven times faster than the industry, with market share up 1.7 points, sequentially. In addition to the share gains, our transaction prices increased more than the industry average. We had our best quarter in 20 years for total trucks driven by F-Series, Ranger and Maverick. Full-size Bronco posted a record quarter, and the all-new Expedition and Navigator are off to a hot start with sales up 44% and 115%, respectively. We also sold more electrified vehicles than our two main domestic rivals combined, with EVs and hybrids at close to 14% of our U.S. mix. The success of our From America, For America campaign allowed us to reduce our U.S. gross stocks by four-day supply. Building off that momentum, we entered the second phase of our From America, For America campaign earlier this month and our sales pace remains strong. Our dealer stocks are healthy, our product portfolio is fresh, and we have new entrants like Explorer Tremor and F-150 Lobo hitting showrooms soon.

We are confident our product lineup and US footprint will continue to drive profitable growth opportunities. Outside of the U.S., our global portfolio has made year to date share gains in key markets such as Canada, Europe, South America, and the Middle East. China remains a

Andrew Frick (cont’d): strategic export hub, especially for growth nameplates like Territory, and the new Ranger PHEV, built in South Africa, has been well-received in Europe and is now shipping to Australia. Lastly, Blue's international operations were profitable in all regions including China during the second quarter. Now I'll turn it over to Kumar.

Kumar Galhotra: Thanks, Andrew. Our industrial platform is delivering tangible progress on our core priorities, cost and quality. We're making this progress by establishing key enablers, leading indicators and output KPIs. Enablers are the most important factor. For example, we have roughly doubled the number of our safety and technical experts. We have significantly increased testing to failure on critical systems like powertrain steering and braking.

We're also monitoring more vehicles in the field through connectivity. Insights from these initiatives are also being incorporated into current production. This has contributed to some more recalls in the near term, but it is the right thing to do for our customers. Let's start with cost. We are still targeting to deliver a net improvement of $1 billion this year, excluding the impact of tariffs. A significant driver of these savings is material cost improvement actions, which will also flow through into 2026.

It is important to note that in the second quarter, our costs would still have been down even if the special field service action, or the FSA, was included. Turning to quality, warranty is the largest component of our competitive cost gap. This is a major cost opportunity for us. There are two warranty costs investors should focus on. The first is warranty coverage. This is the expected cost to cover our bumper-to-bumper and powertrain warranties. Coverages make up about 60% of our total warranty costs. As the quality of our vehicles improves, the cost of coverage per vehicle should come down. In fact, we are already seeing this improvement.

Our latest zero- and three-months in-service metrics are tracking towards our strongest performance in over 10 years. The second part of warranty cost are FSAs, cost associated with recalls and customer satisfaction items. We are not satisfied with the current level of recalls or the number of vehicles impacted. We are working to reduce the cost of these recalls. For example, we're leveraging AI solutions to improve parts' traceability to help minimize the scope of recall units.

Roughly, a third of our recalls over the past three years have been software-related, and we are addressing this head on. We are using over the air, or OTA updates, to reduce customer inconvenience of having to take the recall units in for service. OTAs are a game changer. OTAs cost over 95% less than physical repairs. While OTAs and other process improvements are helping us make meaningful cost improvement, most of our recent FSA costs are tied to vehicles engineered several years ago before we made all the robust process changes across our industrial system.

As a result, the expected FSA cost improvement will not impact the bottom line as quickly as improvement in coverage costs. There is a lag effect until the majority of our car park reflects vehicles designed and built under the strengthened processes, but there are early indicators

Kumar Galhotra (cont’d): that are encouraging. For example, the FSA costs for '24 and '25 model year vehicles are at least 50% better than '20 and '22 model year at similar time in service. Now I'll turn it over to Sherry.

Sherry House: Thank you, Kumar. Ford’s transformation journey is well underway and our objective to build a higher growth, higher margin, more capital-efficient and durable business is evident in our ongoing performance. Our global revenue grew 5% in the second quarter, outpacing wholesale growth of 4%.

We achieved our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year cost improvement, excluding the impact of tariffs. And we delivered $2.1 billion in adjusted EBIT despite a net tariff impact of about $800 million. The durability of our business has also strengthened. The consistent positive performance across our industrial system helped us close roughly $1.5 billion of our competitive cost gap in material costs last year, and we have delivered year-over-year improvement through the first half of 2025, excluding tariffs.

Now for some segment highlights. Ford Pro continues to demonstrate its structural advantages, a large growing share of U.S. and European vehicle volume, complemented by the largest and growing service operations network. This fast network is helping us rapidly grow our high margin software and physical services businesses. Pro's revenue grew 11% to nearly $19 billion. Its 12.3% EBIT margin is driven by a strong product lineup, disciplined pricing, and the increase in mix from our high margin, capital efficient services business. We feel confident about Pro demand in the second half, supported by policy changes that should drive a recovery in small business activity. Ford Model e delivered solid top line growth with revenue more than doubling to $2.4 billion. Our margins improved nearly 44 points, largely related to mix driven by the full year launch effect that the European Explorer and Capri models and the newly launched Puma. Mach-E and Lightning also improved their material costs in 2025.

From a capital perspective, Model e continues to make targeted investments where we have breakthrough innovation such as our next generation EVs and where we have a distinct advantage such as our LFP battery technology launching in our new plant in Marshall, Michigan. Consistent with our goal to improve capital efficiency, we are actively pursuing options to maximize the utilization of all of our assets. You will hear more from us on this in the future.

Ford Blue earned nearly 700 million in a quarter, reflecting profitable market share gains, higher net pricing, and cost improvement. This was overshadowed by the non-recurrence of last year's F-150 stock build, following the new model launch and tariff headwinds, which drove lower EBIT in margin in the quarter.

Ford credit is a source of strength and a strategic asset for the company. In the second quarter, Ford Credit delivered $645 million of EBT, up $300 million reflecting improved financing margin and receivables growth, coupled with continued strong portfolio performance. Ford Credit also

Sherry House (cont’d): paid a $500 million distribution in the quarter, bringing total year-to-date distributions to $700 million. Total company adjusted free cash flow was solid at $2.8 billion.

Our balance sheet is a competitive advantage. It's strong and getting stronger. We ended the quarter with more than $28 billion in cash and $46 billion in liquidity. And over the last week, we bolstered our liquidity with two incremental actions, a new $3 billion delayed draw term loan and a £1 billion Sterling U.K. export financing arrangement. These transactions were proactive, providing flexibility to refinance the roughly $5 billion of debt we have maturing in 2025 and 2026, and at a cost that's significantly below a traditional unsecured offering. With these actions, our liquidity is historically strong, providing us with invaluable flexibility including the ability to invest through an economic downturn and continue to fund growth in areas like Ford Pro, while some competitors may be forced to pull back. This strength combined with the consistent free cash flow generation is the foundation that allows us to consistently return capital to our shareholders. In accordance with our commitment to return 40 to 50% of trailing adjusted free cash flow, today we announced a declaration of our third quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share, payable on September 2nd to shareholders of record on August 11th.

So let us turn to our 2025 outlook. For the full year, we expect company adjusted EBIT of $6.5 to $7.5 billion, adjusted free cash flow of $3.5 to $4.5 billion dollars in capital expenditures of about $9 billion. Our updated guidance reflects a strong underlying first half performance across our three automotive segments and Ford Credit, including our continued improvement in cost.

Our full year outlook assumes the net tariff headwind of about $2 billion, reflecting approximately $3 billion of adverse gross adjusted EBIT impact offset partially by $1 billion of recovery actions, primarily market factors, U.S. industry sales of 16 to 16 and a half million units, industry pricing to be about flat, and lastly, a net cost improvement target of $1 billion, excluding the impacted tariffs. Given the potential range of outcomes related to how the net tariff headwind will play out by segment, we're only providing a total company outlook for the remainder of the year.

In summary, our business transformation is well underway. We are laser focused on capital efficiency and cost improvement, and our strong balance sheet gives us the power to invest through the cycle and act opportunistically. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.

Operator: We will now move to our question-and-answer session. If you have joined via the webinar, please use the raise hand icon, which can be found at the bottom of your webinar application. If you have joined by phone, please dial star nine on your keypad to raise your hand. When you are called on, please unmute your line and ask your question. We will now pause a moment to assemble the queue. Our first question comes from Emmanuel Rosener with Wolf Research. Please unmute and ask your question.

Emmanuel Rosener: All right, thank you so much. First question is... Was hoping you could give us a little more color on the drivers of guidance change and improvement in particular. You're obviously absorbing larger tariffs, $2 billion of tariffs that were not in the initial guidance. And so, what are the drivers by bucket of improvement versus your previous outlook? And if at all possible, I'm curious about the EBIT but also the free cash flow.

Sherry House: Sure. So let me just first commentate on the guidance. So, our net tariff was estimated at $2 billion, and our guidance came down a billion. So, our guidance illustrates the strong improvement in our business. We also kept our free cash flow the same versus the outset of the year at three and a half billion to four and a half billion. And the $9 billion for CapEx is approximately... It's the high end of our prior guidance. The guidance is underpinned by the strong performance in the business, which is primarily in the cost area. And as you know, we have a target of $1 billion of net improvement on a year-over-year basis. We're making terrific progress on that as you're seeing in our numbers. And we're really focused on sustainable improvement in warranty and material cost that will make its way into 2026 and beyond. And currently, we have a very fulsome pipeline of opportunities to support that.

Emmanuel Rosener: Okay, I appreciate that. Because that was already your target, this cost improvement $1 billion ex. tariff. So, are you targeting a larger number now? I'm just generally trying to understand why the underlying performance better. I guess, where do you expect that underlying performance better to materialize on a full year basis?

Jim Farley: We've seen it in manufacturing efficiency and our negotiated costs for parts. Those are two areas where we've accelerated past our own targets. There've been some ins and outs on the billion dollars, but those are the real strong parts of the business that we see. And also, obviously, the market equation for Pro is very strong.

Emmanuel Rosener: Okay, understood. And then separately, Jim, I was curious on the back of some of the recent changes in U.S. regulations and the more relaxed environment, curious about Ford's appetite to potentially be more strategic about some of the spending on the EV side and whether there's actually room to potentially cut this back in any material amount in the future once you get a chance to essentially assess the impact of these softer regulations.

Jim Farley: Well, you're absolutely right. The EPA's decision and their posture has really changed a lot in the U.S. And being number two to Tesla in EVs, we've learned a lot the last three years. And having a full range of truck hybrids, we've learned a lot. And there's no doubt about it that we've had to change our EV spending and capital allocation pretty massively. You and a lot of investors hopefully will get a chance to come to Kentucky, and you're going to see the future of our EV platform shift. From where our first generation products are to now, we've definitely moved out launches, we've canceled some products. We've made the right choices in terms of

Jim Farley (cont’d): battery chemistry change like LFP in Michigan. I think we're very well positioned for the reality of the EV market with the customers today. I'm equally excited about the changes we're making on our powertrain choice.

We are moving from being the dominant player in truck hybrids in the U.S. to offering EREVS, PHEVS, and a full range of hybrids across our lineup, especially our bigger vehicles. We think that's a much better move than a $60 to $70,000 all electric crossover. We think that that's really what customers are going to want long term. And we're investing a lot in more durable ICE powertrains. The good news is that we've always built our business around flexibility of the powertrain, so our manufacturing operations can adjust to these. And a lot of the EV spending that's come down has been reallocated to Pro, including Pro services. I think that's going to be great for our investors and great for the employees. We think the rule making will be finalized by December, and in the short term we've already made mix changes. We've descaled our CO credits by a billion and a half already. There may be more opportunities on the mix side for next year, as you said, as we fully evaluate these opportunities. Not much is happening in Europe and the rest of the world. This is really just a big shift in the U.S. and a big opportunity for Ford.

Emmanuel Rosener: Great, thank you.

Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Levy at Barclays. Please unmute your line and ask your question.

Dan Levy: Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking the questions. First question maybe is for Jim and Kumar. One of you can opine on this. There was a blog post, Kumar, about two weeks ago on the back of your recall. And there's a comment in there that you're applying higher standards, but with that you're now going to potentially find issues that on previous model year vehicles that maybe hadn't been reported yet. So, appreciate that the warranty coverage is getting better, but it seems like the recall piece is remaining a headwind. So what confidence is there that the recall piece is going to improve, especially as there may be now with higher quality standards additional recalls now that you'll need to report?

Kumar Galhotra: Yeah, thanks for the question, Dan. As I mentioned, two big components, 60% coverage is getting better. Solid evidence there. FSAs have a much longer arc, but not all FSAs are directly tied to higher cost. For example, we've had a lot of software FSAs that are a lot cheaper to fix. And there's some early indicators that the vehicles, for example, '23 to '25 model year are substantially lower in FSA cost than the previous '22 to '24 model year window. But I think it's way too early to really draw any conclusions on FSAs yet, because the longer arc is driven by our need to turn over the entire car park before you can clear out all the older issues. So, I would say good improvement on the coverages side. For example, '25 second quarter was better year-over-year if we exclude that special FSA. And coverage costs are significantly down

Kumar Galhotra (cont’d): versus second half of last year. So mixed. Strong progress and more coverages. FSAs are still a bit opaque.

Dan Levy: Great, thank you. Maybe if I could just as a second question ask about your recent market share performance, which has been quite strong. And maybe you could just talk to A, the $1 billion offset on the tariffs, on the market factors, how you're thinking about that between share and price. And B, Do you believe that your share is sustainable given we are now seeing some tariff relief? How committed are you to the current market share that you've gained?

Andrew Frick: Yeah. Thanks, Dan. It's Andrew. On the sustainability of our share, we do believe we'll be able to carry that performance into the second half. From an industry perspective, we saw a very strong first half of the year. We did start to see some pullback in demand, which we now expect to see a softer second half with a full year industry of around 16 to 16-five. In the world of pricing around that, we expect, as Sherry said, to see net pricing around flat full year. What we've seen in the retail side of the business is pricing has been a little bit higher, so we expect to see pricing up about a percent. On the commercial side, we've seen a little bit more pricing pressure. But our super duty pricing has remained really strong. So overall, we see flat net pricing, but our stock positions are in good shape as we look at the second half of the market. The industry where it is strong is in segments we do well in, and so we think we'll be able to carry that into the second half of the year.

Dan Levy: Great. Thank you.

Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up today. Our next question will come from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.

Mark Delaney: Yes, thank you very much for taking the question. I also had a question around the changing emissions policy environment. I'm hoping you can help investors better understand how Ford is balancing the opportunity to see improved mix and lower costs as a result of the changing emission policies in the U.S., while also remaining competitive with your EV technology, including relative to the Chinese domestic OEMs that are increasingly selling their vehicles on a more global basis.

Jim Farley: Thanks. Yeah, we're already reducing our credit buys. We are changing our mix towards the fourth quarter this year, and we see a pretty big opportunity next year, as I said, multi-billion dollar opportunity over the next couple of years. On the EV side, I'm really excited to show

Jim Farley (cont’d): everyone where we're going on our EV. We've been busy the last three years behind the curtain. No one could really see how we're allocating our capital and what our new EV strategy. We are out of sync in a good way with our competitors who are now fully loaded with all their EVs, and they'll have to commit to them full cycle of product.

Ours is coming out in the next year or two, starting, so you're going to see a lot of news from Ford on our EVs, and our strategy is very simple. We believe the only way to really compete effectively with the Chinese over the globe on EVs is to go and really push ourselves to radically re-engineer and transform our engineering supply chain and manufacturing process. And that will come to life soon, and I'm excited to show everyone. This is a Model T moment for the company, as I said, and that would become clear for us.

We really see not the global OEMs as the competitive set for our next generation of EVs. We see the Chinese. Companies like Geely and BYD, and that's how we built our vehicle, how we've engineered what kind of supply chain we've used, and the kind of low content in our manufacturing. And a key part of that is our LFP battery built in Marshall, Michigan, and it's a big advantage for the company. We're the first one to build it at scale. It also has the PTC. We're thankful that Congress upheld that. That's a key part of our profitability roadmap to transitioning these lower-cost batteries. Can't wait to show you the product and the platform, so stay tuned.

Mark Delaney: Looking forward to it. My other question was on autonomy. The company made the decision to shut down Argo about three years ago, given the time to market and returns considerations for robotaxi, but today there's a number of robotaxis now on the road, partial and fully autonomous technologies improving. So I'm hoping to better understand where Ford stands on level three and level four technology. And how important do you think partial or fully autonomous technology may be in driving the kind of recurring and more durable profits that the company is targeting? Thanks.

Jim Farley: I see. BlueCruise has done really well for us. The margins have held up. The pricing for level two and level two plus plus looks a lot more robust than a lot of the other ADAS features. So, I think we're off to the races, and we will continue to over-the-air update improvements to BlueCruise. Lane change, ramp to ramp. We have a lot of opportunities to increase the ODD, and I think that profit and those margins will stay strong for a few years until it starts to commoditize. We are making a lot of progress on a level three system, and that will be a major moment for the company. We really believe this is the key opportunity for retail customers, and we have the right team. All those Argo engineers who stayed at Ford, they've been really busy enhancing level two and building out a level three. So, stay tuned. I can't wait to show everyone.

We are not going to be the first with a level three system at low speed, for example, that are out there today. We want a fully functioning level three high-speed highway application with a really decent ODD where a lot, thousands, millions of customers would be able to use the system. On

Jim Farley (cont’d): L4, we've been thinking a lot about our strategy after Argo. What looks very interesting to me is the service side of that. These are large fleets. They're going to need someone to adjust the instrumentation and repair those vehicles, and Ford Pro is a fantastic partner for fleet management of those large fleets, and they're no different than our transit vans. There are some differences, but we think we're really well-positioned to take advantage of the very profitable parts and service as well as offering level four to some of our commercial customers in a van format, and we'll have more news coming on that, but I suspect, but that's where we're really focusing on level four.

Mark Delaney: Thank you.

Operator: Our next question will come from Joseph Spak with UBS.

Joe Spak: Thanks so much. Jim, I wanted to get your pulse on, I guess, A, what you're hearing, but maybe more importantly, B, what Ford wants in light of some of the tariff discussions that have been happening and what might happen with Mexico as Japan and Europe now got reduced tariffs because, on the one hand, obviously, lower tariffs are going to help you absolutely. On the other hand, it's a relative disadvantage for you versus maybe some of your competitors, given your U.S. footprint. So maybe you could help us understand the range of outcomes on the USMCA negotiations that you're planning for. Should we think about a 15% rate or lower, or is it more nuanced than that given the U.S. content requirements? So, I guess, basically, what is Ford really lobbying for in the conversations with the administration?

Jim Farley: I think to put it simply, Ford, as the leading auto producer in the U.S. and the leading exporter with the most UAW workers, we're very clear with the administration. We want to simplify the tariffs so that we can make up for that gap between the bilateral import tariff rates and what we're paying in our tariff bill. Our tariff bill is $2 billion, and that's a net number. We see there's a lot of upside depending on how the negotiation goes with the administration. We're in daily contacts with them, and at this point, I would say they're very productive conversations.

We'll give you more news when we get it, but we have a lot of opportunity, even as the most American company with a $2 billion liability. We have a lot of opportunities simplify especially parts tariffs, and we reduce that liability considerably, which would be upside for the company. The reality is our competitors now all have to pay 15% import and higher for Mexico. They can't change the footprint anytime soon. Those tariffs were not around a year ago. This is an opportunity for Ford. Yeah, it may be less than 25%, but I think we found with administration, they're really committed to companies like Ford, and they are going to work hard to reduce that liability.

Joe Spak: Thanks for that. I guess just maybe sticking on policy. I heard you mention, I think you said you're going to scale back compliance cards by a billion, a billion and a half. Did you mean purchases, or is that what you are... Were you planning to expense this year in the guidance, and what are you planning to expense now? I know you did about $200 million last year. I'm just trying to think about how much of a profit tail on that could be in '26 and beyond.

Sherry House: Yeah, we've expensed about $200 million thus far, and I think you could think about that being a reasonable quarterly rate going forward, so not significant.

Jim Farley: And on the credit side, it's very clear to us that the California situation's changed a lot. So, we can descale our credit contracts and our purchases. That will be material for the company. The most material for Ford in the end is going to be changing our mix. We have high demand for our Pro and larger SUVs right now. We have high demand for some of our non-electrified powertrains, and changing that mix is a multi-billion-dollar opportunity in the next couple of years. So that's what's going to come through for the business. We just have to finalize the rulemaking, which probably won't happen until the end of the year.

Joe Spak: Thanks so much.

Jim Farley: Sure.

Operator: Your next question comes from Federico Merendi with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Federico, your line is now open, and you were able to unmute on your side.

Federico Merendi: Good evening, guys. Sorry about that. Just wanted to touch upon the electrification initiatives, and I understand that now the regulation has changed and the overall environment in the U.S. has shifted, but I was wondering how does Ford balance the different commitments in the regions where it operates, like the U.S., Europe, and even China, in terms of capital investments on the electrification portion of the business?

Jim Farley: Yeah, thank you. We really see the pure EV market in the U.S. seems to us very clear. Small vehicles used for commuting and around town, so to speak. And we've been working really hard with our Skunkworks project and can't wait to show everyone where that lands. And commercial. We've been the dominant player in commercial EV in the U.S., and we think that's going to be a robust business, but we want to shrink the number of top hats. We've always focused and told investors we want to have a very simple lineup with not a lot of complexity and top hats. We

Jim Farley (cont’d): have some of our competitors that have 10 or 15 top hats. That's not our strategy. We're going to have just a few. And we've made the adjustments in timing, we think, and to be in segments where we can actually make money on EVs.

Globally, we're focused heavily on partnerships. Partnerships for EV, we think, is the right strategy. We believe that the supply chain and the platforms are quickly commoditizing. You cannot differentiate yourself on that aspect, especially for a vehicle. Now, it is a little complicated with the electric architecture. You got to work through that, but we know how to do that now. We've been partnering with JMC and other brands globally for a while.

We think we know how to do the electric architecture with a partner, and you should expect from Ford in these other regions where electrification is very important to partner where we need to, and we will use PHEVs and other solutions for commercial customers that make sense for them based on the local legislation requirements. I think we have a good strategy. It's been, I have to say, I'm very thankful that we move fast because we learned about the market changing maybe before our competitors, and we can reload our capital and have the right planning for this new reality of pure EVs.

Federico Merendi: Thank you, Jim. And my second question would be on the mitigating factors for tariffs. From what we've heard, basically, you, Ford, and even other OEMs are kind of moving some, redesigning their vehicles and putting some content that was standard into optional with a new model here. From your internal analysis, how do you expect customer to react from these changes?

Jim Farley: Do you mean re-contenting, or could you be more specific? I just want to answer your question the right way.

Federico Merendi: Yeah, sure. With that, I mean that, let's say model year 2025, you had a certain vehicle with a certain trim, which it had some standard content. From what we have heard is that the same vehicle in model year 2026 has some content that, basically, the customer will have to pay up for that same content that last year was standard.

Jim Farley: I see. Thank you for your question. Look, in the segments that we compete, a Bronco or an F150, a Super Duty, an Explorer, we do very well in those segments. So, we watch our competitors really carefully. We'll match them on specification, but we also know what customers want in our trim series. So, Andrew, do you want to say anything about how we're changing our spec?

Andrew Frick: Well, we constantly look at our spec to customer wants, obviously, and that does change by segment, by vehicle line. We're also balancing the cost improvements that we're seeing across the vehicle lines as well. So, we're using a lot of the vehicle off the data, a lot of the customer utilization rates to help us make those informed decisions.

Federico Merendi: Thank you, guys.

Jim Farley: Thank you.

Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Narayan with RBC Capital Markets.

Tom Narayan: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. So first one, I know you guys didn't give segment guidance, but just curious in terms of how we should think about for modeling. So, if we look at the EV business, we know the consumer credit is going away in September, that probably means some, maybe a stronger Q3, but then Q4 is negatively impacted. Just curious, if that results in lower sales of EVs, the credit going away, is that actually a net positive for the EV EBIT being that each car is still losing money, or is it that there's so much fixed costs associated that it would still be a headwind? Just curious how we should think about that dynamic.

Sherry House: Yeah, so as you get into that further in Q3 and Q4, if we were to pull back some of our U.S. EV production, most likely you would be moving that into other areas. So maybe you'd be leaning a little bit more heavily into Europe, where the mix and the contribution margin is stronger, or moving into ICE products. So, you could calculate that. You could have some uplift there on a financial basis if that was to play out as you described.

Tom Narayan: Okay. And then we've been hearing from some of the European OEMs some headwinds in the commercial vehicle side in Europe. I guess it's that the smaller piece of Pro, obviously. But just curious how you guys are managing that dynamic. I know in your prepared comments, you said you're gaining, I think three points of share there at Pro in Europe, but how big of a headwind is that for you guys? Thanks.

Jim Farley: Well, we are very successful, the one-ton transit business as well as the pickup market in Europe. And we have a brand new vehicle, literally it's brand new. So that's doing really well, as is a brand new Ranger. So, we have this brand new lineup. I don't know about the competitors and where they are in their age of their products, but it seems at Ford, our Pro business in

Jim Farley (cont’d): Europe is very strong now based on our new V710, the one-ton. And then there's another factor that's important on our financial performance.

This is a first generation where we are building for other people. We have the Volkswagen pickup truck as well as their van off our platform. We're now starting to scale their platform and that is really helping our cost basis. And remember, our cost basis is in South Africa and Turkey, so they're very low. The other reason is we're not only increasing our performance because of the new products, we're also becoming more profitable on the margin basis because of our cost. And that's a good thing for us.

Tom Narayan: Thank you.

Operator: Your next question will come from Daniel Roeska with Bernstein SG.

Daniel Roeska: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe, Jim, after the discussion on tariffs and the changing in compliance regulations, if we take a step back, imagine tariffs stay in place, but you get a more streamlined emission standard in the U.S. and that, as you explained, enables the lower compliance costs and probably a better mix over time. What do you think, are those two awash traded off against each other or is that actually a meaningful positive tailwind if I kind of sum up the impact of medium-term tariff changes and medium-term emissions changes?

Jim Farley: Yeah, it's a great question and I think it's a bit tricky at this point in time to handicap the ins and outs on that, but I would say the emissions tailwind is pretty substantial, both on Model E, as Sherry said, but also on our Blue and Pro business, especially Blue, which has taken the brunt of the electrification journey globally. And that is not the reason why we increased our guidance.

Our guidance was, as Sherry said, based on real cost traction. But if you had to handicap the second half of this year and next year and what could go right, depending on how the submissions works out, that's definitely a tailwind for Ford. Look at the mix of our products with Pro and Blue. To be able to build what customers really want is going to be a financial tailwind for us.

Daniel Roeska: Yeah, great. And maybe as a slight related follow-up, I'm going to ask you to take out the crystal ball to some degree. With each additional tariff deal and trade deal that's coming in, like Japan and Europe, would you agree that this increases the likelihood we will not return to a pre-2025 policy landscape when it comes to global trade?

Jim Farley: Can you explain a little bit more what you mean on the last part of that, the pre-2025?

Daniel Roeska: Well, basically, a very low tariff rate for imports into the U.S., basically, because the market has been discussing going back and forth, will tariffs stay in place? Will they not stay in place? And to me, it seems like if we're now cutting deals with Europe and Japan and likely South Korea and then USMCA on top, I'm unsure whether the next administration would see any reason to change that again.

Jim Farley: That is a really important question to answer. We increasingly see Europe, North America, and Asia becoming regional businesses with tariff rates that are aligned for those three or four regions. And I believe that is a very long-term change because it's happening in multiple things, not just tariff. It's happening with electrification and CO2 requirements, and it'll happen as well as the Chinese OEMs go global and start to localize outside of China and they'll pick the regions and the regions will pick them.

I believe this is quite a fundamental change. We were just talking before the call started about how fundamental everything seems to be changing in the car business, and this is one of the factors. And I do think USMCA negotiations can be very material for our North America health. And these tariffs, especially the ones in Europe and Asia into the US, feel kind of long-term for us. Are they big enough to radically change the footprint? At this point in time, it doesn't look like it. It's hard to tell. But a lot of that will have to do with the administration's commitment to companies like Ford that committed to the U.S. production and what is their point of view going to be with this $2 billion liability we have. Again, we're having very constructive conversations with them being the most American company you can imagine, but depending on how that works out, this could actually reverse and we could get a sustained advantage being an American company, so stay tuned.

Daniel Roeska: Brilliant. Thanks very much.

Jim Farley: Thank you.

Operator: Your next question will come from Edison Yu with Deutsche Bank.

Edison Yu: Hey, thanks for getting me in. First, I wanted to ask about pricing. I think you called out some weakness on the commercial fleet side. I'm curious if you can elaborate a little more on that. And maybe just directionally, is that supposed to stay a headwind through the rest of the year? Is that going to become a smaller headwind? Some color there would be great.

Andrew Frick: Hi, Edison. It's Andrew. Good to hear from you. Just a little more texture on the commercial side. I think what we're seeing in the pricing is the full-size pickup is remaining relatively strong, which is really good. The weakness that we've seen has actually been across the van business, in the van segments. And there was a lot of competitive pressure that we saw coming out of the second half of last year and into the first part of this year. It seems to have stabilized actually. So, we're actually optimistic around that holding for the rest of the year, but it was mostly in the van segment.

Edison Yu: Got it. Thanks. And switching gears, I wanted to come back to a comment, Jim, earlier on autonomy. I think you mentioned that you could do something on the Ford Pro side providing service. I'm curious what that would maybe look like. Would you partner up with someone and does that rule out any interest in actually producing some sort of integrated autonomous vehicle?

Jim Farley: It's early days. We're in the first inning of this rolling out. It is very exciting for me to be in the industry in 40 years and see all these autonomous robotaxis. The technology is fascinating, but as far as making money off the business, which we have to bet on our capitals, leaders of the company, we think that if these robotaxi fleets are large fleets, I'm not sure it's going to be a super profitable business, but someone's going to make money on owning those fleets and maintaining those fleets. And this is a very congruous capability versus our service build out for Pro. We have nothing to announce today, but this is quite intriguing for us as a company.

We really feel like the fleet management opportunity is a big upside for Ford Pro. We're doing it digitally today. Part of those software that we sell that Andrew mentioned that's going at 24% is fleet management software. It's very popular. Going into the physical fleet management is a different thing. It takes capital, it'll require leasing, and a lot of other more capital-intensive investments. So, we have to be thoughtful about that. But we are very intrigued about these robotaxi fleets, what they could mean for Pro and our dealers over time. Again, nothing to announce today, but I think you've heard what we said pretty clearly.

Edison Yu: Thank you.

Operator: Your final question will come from Colin Langan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.

Colin Langan: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to cover, the guide implies an improvement first step into the second half. I think SAAR would imply it's saying about flat tariffs are supposed to be about flat. What would drive that improvement in the second half?

Sherry House: Well, some of our material cost items are coming in in the second half. Also, a lot of the work that we put into place on warranty, working with the dealers, working on our time to repair, a lot of these things are also looking to be implemented in the back half as well. Also, just some of the volume issues with Kentucky 1 shutting down in the past. So, you had the idled period, so you're getting the now positive impact of not doing that and not having the de-stocking that we did in the first half.

Colin Langan: Okay. And then you mentioned several times, I guess, the underlying guidance seems to have improved because of cost. It's kind of surprising because you just had record recalls year-todate. Can you parse that out? What kind of actions are actually driving that cost that's better than what you expected back in January when you initially got it? It feels like recalls, I got to imagine, it's a bit worse, right?

Jim Farley: Just to be specific, on recalls, we need to make it really clear to everyone that the number of recalls and the costs are not related. Half of our recalls this year are software. When we do a software recall, we can do an OTA. It's literally 10% of repairing something mechanical. It doesn't work like coverages where it's very correlated to the number of actions we have or defects. And we said before, and it's clearly happening, the manufacturing team is finding a lot of efficiencies year-over-year, more than we expected.

Obviously, in the billion dollars, we have all that broken down by function, by group, all the way down by plant in the case of manufacturing. And Bryce's team has been able to accelerate beyond even in the logistics area of savings in our manufacturing. And the second would be, we have been more successful working with our suppliers on either getting a redesigned part or a negotiated part that's better, and that's great to see. Oh, by the way, we have really nice pipelines for next year. Anything else to add, Kumar?

Kumar Galhotra: The coverages are improving. Warranty coverage.

Jim Farley: So, the cost of our defects is also decreasing.

Colin Langan: So, recall costs, even though we've seen a lot of headlines, are actually not worse than you expected starting the year?

Kumar Galhotra: If you exclude that one big special item.

Jim Farley: For sure.

Kumar Galhotra: The answer is yes, but excluding the special item.

Colin Langan: Okay. All right, thanks for taking my questions.

Jim Farley: Sure.

Operator: This concludes the Ford Motor Company second quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99 exhibit99tojuly302025for.htm EX-99 exhibit99tojuly302025for 1 https://ford.to/facebook https://x.com/ford https://ford.to/linkedin Ford Reports Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results • Second-quarter revenue reached a record $50.2 billion; incurred a net loss of $36 million as a result of special items • Adjusted EBIT was $2.1 billion, including $0.8 billion of adverse net tariff-related impacts; operating cash flow was $6.3 billion, adjusted free cash flow was $2.8 billion • Company declares a third quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share • Reinstated full-year 2025 guidance includes adjusted EBIT of $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion, adjusted free cash flow of $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion, capital spending of about $9 billion, and a net tariff-related headwind of about $2 billion DEARBORN, Mich., July 30, 2025 – Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) today announced its second- quarter 2025 financial results. “Our second-quarter performance shows the power of the Ford+ plan and continued execution on cost and quality,” said Jim Farley, Ford president and CEO. “Ford Pro is a unique competitive advantage driving both top and bottom-line growth while creating new high-margin revenue streams from software and physical services. Ford Blue delivered profitable market share gains, and we continue to improve the efficiency of our Ford Model e business. We have scheduled an event on Aug. 11 in Kentucky where we will share more about our plans to design and build breakthrough electric vehicles in America.” Added Ford CFO Sherry House: “We recorded our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year cost improvement, excluding the impact of tariffs, building on progress we made last year when we closed roughly $1.5 billion of our competitive cost gap in material cost. Our balance sheet keeps getting stronger, further enabling our ability to invest in areas of strength. We are remaking Ford into a higher-growth, higher-margin and more durable business – and allocating capital where we can compete, win and grow.” Total Company Highlights Second Quarter First Half 2024 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change Wholesale Units (000) 1,142 1,185 4 % 2,187 2,155 (1)% GAAP Financial Measures Cash Flows from Op. Activities ($B) $ 5.5 $ 6.3 $ 0.8 $ 6.9 $ 10.0 $ 3.1 Revenue ($B) 47.8 50.2 5 % 90.6 90.8 — % Net Income / (Loss) ($B) 1.8 (0.0) (1.9) 3.2 0.4 (2.7) Net Income / (Loss) Margin (%) 3.8 % (0.1)% (3.9) ppts 3.5 % 0.5 % (3.0) ppts EPS (Diluted) $ 0.46 $ (0.01) $ (0.47) $ 0.79 $ 0.11 $ (0.68) Non-GAAP Financial Measures Company Adj. Free Cash Flow ($B) $ 3.2 $ 2.8 $ (0.4) $ 2.8 $ 1.3 $ (1.4) Company Adj. EBIT ($B) 2.8 2.1 (0.6) 5.5 3.2 (2.4) Company Adj. EBIT Margin (%) 5.8 % 4.3 % (1.5) ppts 6.1 % 3.5 % (2.6) ppts Adjusted EPS (Diluted) $ 0.47 $ 0.37 $ (0.10) $ 0.97 $ 0.51 $ (0.46) Adjusted ROIC (Trailing Four Qtrs) 11.1 % 10.1 % (1.0) ppts 2 The company reported second-quarter revenue of $50.2 billion, a 5% increase from the same period a year ago, which outpaced wholesale growth. Net loss was $36 million, which primarily includes special charges related to a field service action and expenses related to a previously announced cancellation of an electric vehicle program; adjusted earnings before interest and taxes was $2.1 billion, including $0.8 billion of adverse net tariff-related impacts. Cash flow from operations in the second quarter was $6.3 billion, and adjusted free cash flow was $2.8 billion. At quarter end, Ford had $28.4 billion in cash and $46.6 billion in liquidity. The company also declared a third-quarter regular dividend of 15 cents per share, payable on Sept. 2 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Aug. 11. Business Segment Highlights Second Quarter First Half 2024 2025 Change 2024 2025 Change Ford Blue Segment Wholesales (000) 741 696 (6)% 1,367 1,284 (6)% Revenue ($B) $ 26.7 $ 25.8 (3)% $ 48.4 $ 46.8 (3)% EBIT ($M) 1,167 661 $ (506) 2,068 757 $ (1,311) EBIT Margin (%) 4.4 % 2.6 % (1.8) ppts 4.3 % 1.6 % (2.7) ppts Ford Model e Segment Wholesales (000) 26 60 128 % 36 91 151 % Revenue ($B) $ 1.2 $ 2.4 105 % $ 1.3 $ 3.6 184 % EBIT ($M) (1,150) (1,329) $ (179) (2,477) (2,178) $ 299 EBIT Margin (%) (99.9) % (56.4) % 43.6 ppts (195.5)% (60.5) % 135.0 ppts Ford Pro Segment Wholesales (000) 375 429 15 % 783 781 (0)% Revenue ($B) $ 17.0 $ 18.8 11 % $ 35.0 $ 34.0 (3)% EBIT ($M) 2,562 2,318 $ (244) 5,568 3,627 $ (1,941) EBIT Margin (%) 15.1 % 12.3 % (2.7) ppts 15.9 % 10.7 % (5.2) ppts In the second quarter, Ford Pro generated $2.3 billion in EBIT with a margin of 12.3% on $18.8 billion in revenue. Software and physical services contributed 17% of Ford Pro’s EBIT on a trailing 12-month basis. In the quarter, Ford Pro paid subscriptions grew 24% year-over-year to 757,000. Ford Model e reported a second-quarter EBIT loss of $1.3 billion, a $179 million higher loss than the same quarter a year ago. Second quarter results reflect net tariff-related cost, strategic investments in next-generation electric vehicles and expenses related to the launch of Ford’s new battery plant in Marshall, Mich. The segment doubled revenue to $2.4 billion; EBIT performance for first-generation products, Mustang Mach-E and F-150 Lightning, was essentially flat year-over-year, excluding the impact of tariffs, underscoring gains in operating leverage and cost reduction. 3 Ford Blue reported $661 million in EBIT, which reflected profitable market share gains, higher net pricing and cost improvement. This was more than offset by the non-recurrence of last year’s F-150 stock build following the new-model launch and tariff-related headwinds. Segment revenue declined 3% to $25.8 billion. Ford Credit reported second-quarter earnings before taxes (EBT) of $645 million, an 88% increase compared to a year ago. Full-Year 2025 Outlook Ford now anticipates full-year adjusted EBIT of $6.5 billion to $7.5 billion, which includes a net tariff-related headwind of about $2 billion, and to generate $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion in adjusted free cash flow, with capital expenditures of about $9 billion. In February, the company initially provided adjusted EBIT guidance for the year of $7.0 billion to $8.5 billion and then withdrew that guidance in May due to tariff-related uncertainty. The company’s updated guidance reflects the strong underlying first half performance across Ford Blue, Ford Model e, Ford Pro and Ford Credit, and continued improvement in cost. The net tariff-related headwind of about $2 billion reflects a $3 billion gross adverse adjusted EBIT impact, offset partially by $1 billion of recovery actions. The company is only providing Total Company outlook for the remainder of the year. Conference Call Details At 5:00 p.m. ET today, Ford and Ford Credit management will hold a conference call to discuss these financial results. For the webcast, click here. It will be available for replay for approximately one week following the call at the same link. Analysts will be able to ask questions on the call. Registration beforehand is strongly recommended to expedite access to the call. # # # About Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan, committed to helping build a better world, where every person is free to move and pursue their dreams. The company’s Ford+ plan for growth and value creation combines existing strengths, new capabilities, and always-on relationships with customers to enrich experiences for customers and deepen their loyalty. Ford develops and delivers innovative, must-have Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars and Lincoln luxury vehicles, along with connected services. The company offers freedom of choice through three customer-centered business segments: Ford Blue, engineering iconic gas-powered and hybrid vehicles; Ford Model e, inventing breakthrough electric vehicles (“EVs”) along with embedded software that defines always-on digital experiences for all customers; and Ford Pro, helping commercial customers transform and expand their businesses with vehicles and services tailored to their needs. Additionally, the Company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company. Ford employs about 4 169,000 people worldwide. More information about the company and its products and services is available at corporate.ford.com. Contacts: Media Equity Investment Community Fixed Income Investment Community Shareholder Inquiries Ian Thibodeau Lynn Antipas Tyson Jessica Vila- Goulding 1.800.555.5259 or 1.313.268.6056 1.203.616.5689 1.313.248.3896 1.313.845.8540 ithibode@ford.com ltyson4@ford.com jvila5@ford.com stockinf@ford.com The following applies to the information throughout this release: • See tables later in this release for the nature and amount of special items, and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures designated as “adjusted” to the most comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). • Wholesale unit and production volumes include Ford and Lincoln brand vehicles produced and sold by Ford or our unconsolidated affiliates and Jiangling Motors Corporation (“JMC”) brand vehicles produced and sold in China by our unconsolidated affiliate. Revenue does not include vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliates. Wholesales and revenue exclude transactions between the Ford Blue, Ford Model e and Ford Pro business segments Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements Statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation: • Ford’s long-term success depends on delivering the Ford+ plan, including improving cost and competitiveness; • Ford’s vehicles could be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our vehicles and services and reduce the costs associated therewith could continue to have an adverse effect on our business; • Ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with Ford’s production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to timely acquire key components or raw materials can disrupt Ford’s production of vehicles; • Ford’s production, as well as Ford’s suppliers’ production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize; • Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation; • Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford’s business; • Ford’s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints; 5 • Ford’s ability to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness; • Operational information systems, security systems, vehicles, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers; • To facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the production of electric vehicles, Ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject Ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast; • With a global footprint and supply chain, Ford’s results and operations could be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events; • Ford’s new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and Ford’s reputation may be harmed based on positions it takes or if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced; • Ford may face increased price competition for its products and services, including pricing pressure resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, or economic or other factors, particularly for electric vehicles; • Inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of Ford or Ford Credit’s investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results; • Ford’s results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the United States; • Industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event; • The impact of government incentives on Ford’s business could be significant, and Ford’s receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback; • Ford and Ford Credit’s access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, asset portfolios, or other factors; • Ford Credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles; • Economic and demographic experience for pension and OPEB plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than Ford has assumed; • Pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect Ford’s liquidity and financial condition; • Ford and Ford Credit could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise; • Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations; • Ford and Ford Credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, data access, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers’ heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information; and • Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations. We cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward- looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. It is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim to the extent permitted by law, any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a 6 result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional discussion, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as updated by our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 7 FORD MOTOR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions, except per share amounts) For the periods ended June 30, 2024 2025 2024 2025 Second Quarter First Half (unaudited) Revenues Company excluding Ford Credit $ 44,811 $ 46,943 $ 84,701 $ 84,365 Ford Credit 2,997 3,241 5,884 6,478 Total revenues 47,808 50,184 90,585 90,843 Costs and expenses Cost of sales 40,489 44,245 76,965 79,433 Selling, administrative, and other expenses 2,678 2,706 5,054 5,137 Ford Credit interest, operating, and other expenses 2,758 2,722 5,458 5,443 Total costs and expenses 45,925 49,673 87,477 90,013 Operating income/(loss) 1,883 511 3,108 830 Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 270 297 548 585 Other income/(loss), net 628 577 1,126 1,073 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies 197 (250) 364 (156) Income/(Loss) before income taxes 2,438 541 4,050 1,162 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 605 570 883 718 Net income/(loss) 1,833 (29) 3,167 444 Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 7 4 9 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ 1,831 $ (36) $ 3,163 $ 435 EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO FORD MOTOR COMPANY COMMON AND CLASS B STOCK Basic income/(loss) $ 0.46 $ (0.01) $ 0.79 $ 0.11 Diluted income/(loss) 0.46 (0.01) 0.79 0.11 Weighted-average shares used in computation of earnings/(loss) per share Basic shares 3,985 3,980 3,982 3,974 Diluted shares 4,022 3,980 4,022 4,018 8 FORD MOTOR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions) December 31, 2024 June 30, 2025 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 22,935 $ 23,020 Marketable securities 15,413 14,484 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $247 and $258 51,850 47,593 Trade and other receivables, less allowances of $84 and $98 14,723 19,709 Inventories 14,951 17,270 Other assets 4,602 4,536 Total current assets 124,474 126,612 Ford Credit finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $617 and $632 59,786 59,867 Net investment in operating leases 22,947 25,336 Net property 41,928 43,877 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 6,821 5,038 Deferred income taxes 16,375 17,320 Other assets 12,865 14,675 Total assets $ 285,196 $ 292,725 LIABILITIES Payables $ 24,128 $ 27,756 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 27,782 30,360 Debt payable within one year Company excluding Ford Credit 1,756 3,591 Ford Credit 53,193 53,281 Total current liabilities 106,859 114,988 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 28,832 30,242 Long-term debt Company excluding Ford Credit 18,898 16,742 Ford Credit 84,675 84,113 Deferred income taxes 1,074 1,559 Total liabilities 240,338 247,644 EQUITY Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (4,129 million shares issued of 6 billion authorized) 41 41 Class B Stock, par value $0.01 per share (71 million shares issued of 530 million authorized) 1 1 Capital in excess of par value of stock 23,502 23,715 Retained earnings 33,740 32,352 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (9,639) (8,242) Treasury stock (2,810) (2,810) Total equity attributable to Ford Motor Company 44,835 45,057 Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 23 24 Total equity 44,858 45,081 Total liabilities and equity $ 285,196 $ 292,725 9 FORD MOTOR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the periods ended June 30, 2024 2025 First Half (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities Net income/(loss) $ 3,167 $ 444 Depreciation and tooling amortization 3,795 3,747 Other amortization (772) (929) Provision for credit and insurance losses 317 323 Pension and other postretirement employee benefits (“OPEB”) expense/(income) 201 187 Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received (124) 261 Foreign currency adjustments 173 62 Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments 8 (43) Stock compensation 275 275 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes 206 212 Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) (1,865) 2,927 Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets (1,603) (3,500) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory (1,845) (1,476) Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 5,269 7,293 Other (309) 213 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 6,893 9,996 Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending (4,194) (3,906) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases (29,542) (24,438) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases 22,530 22,542 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (6,069) (4,440) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 6,812 5,593 Settlements of derivatives (237) (104) Capital contributions to equity method investments (1,299) (138) Returns of capital from equity method investments 16 1,700 Other 62 180 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (11,921) (3,011) Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents (1,925) (1,793) Purchases of common stock (244) — Net changes in short-term debt (1,008) (1,110) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 28,960 20,469 Payments of long-term debt (25,145) (24,828) Other (254) (146) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 384 (7,408) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (240) 483 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ (4,884) $ 60 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 25,110 $ 23,190 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (4,884) 60 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 20,226 $ 23,250 10 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION The tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information. Company excluding Ford Credit includes our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro reportable segments, Corporate Other, Interest on Debt, and Special Items. Eliminations, where presented, primarily represent eliminations of intersegment transactions and deferred tax netting. Selected Income Statement Information. The following table provides supplemental income statement information (in millions): For the period ended June 30, 2025 Second Quarter Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Consolidated Revenues $ 46,943 $ 3,241 $ 50,184 Total costs and expenses 46,951 2,722 49,673 Operating income/(loss) (8) 519 511 Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 297 — 297 Other income/(loss), net 464 113 577 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies (263) 13 (250) Income/(Loss) before income taxes (104) 645 541 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 468 102 570 Net income/(loss) (572) 543 (29) Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 7 — 7 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ (579) $ 543 $ (36) For the period ended June 30, 2025 First Half Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Consolidated Revenues $ 84,365 $ 6,478 $ 90,843 Total costs and expenses 84,570 5,443 90,013 Operating income/(loss) (205) 1,035 830 Interest expense on Company debt excluding Ford Credit 585 — 585 Other income/(loss), net 906 167 1,073 Equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies (179) 23 (156) Income/(Loss) before income taxes (63) 1,225 1,162 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 460 258 718 Net income/(loss) (523) 967 444 Less: Income/(Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 9 — 9 Net income/(loss) attributable to Ford Motor Company $ (532) $ 967 $ 435 11 Selected Balance Sheet Information. The following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information (in millions): June 30, 2025 Assets Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Cash and cash equivalents $ 14,551 $ 8,469 $ — $ 23,020 Marketable securities 13,730 754 — 14,484 Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 47,593 — 47,593 Trade and other receivables, net 8,373 11,336 — 19,709 Inventories 17,270 — — 17,270 Other assets 3,331 1,205 — 4,536 Receivable from other segments 581 2,038 (2,619) — Total current assets 57,836 71,395 (2,619) 126,612 Ford Credit finance receivables, net — 59,867 — 59,867 Net investment in operating leases 1,977 23,359 — 25,336 Net property 43,550 327 — 43,877 Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 4,896 142 — 5,038 Deferred income taxes 16,944 422 (46) 17,320 Other assets 12,383 2,292 — 14,675 Receivable from other segments 82 — (82) — Total assets $ 137,668 $ 157,804 $ (2,747) $ 292,725 Liabilities Payables $ 26,795 $ 961 $ — $ 27,756 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 27,740 2,620 — 30,360 Debt payable within one year 3,591 53,281 — 56,872 Payable to other segments 2,619 — (2,619) — Total current liabilities 60,745 56,862 (2,619) 114,988 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 28,713 1,529 — 30,242 Long-term debt 16,742 84,113 — 100,855 Deferred income taxes 929 676 (46) 1,559 Payable to other segments — 82 (82) — Total liabilities $ 107,129 $ 143,262 $ (2,747) $ 247,644 12 Selected Cash Flow Information. The following tables provide supplemental cash flow information (in millions): For the period ended June 30, 2025 First Half Cash flows from operating activities Company excluding Ford Credit Ford Credit Eliminations Consolidated Net income/(loss) $ (523) $ 967 $ — $ 444 Depreciation and tooling amortization 2,514 1,233 — 3,747 Other amortization 27 (956) — (929) Provision for credit and insurance losses 5 318 — 323 Pension and OPEB expense/(income) 187 — — 187 Equity method investment (earnings)/losses and impairments in excess of dividends received 272 (11) — 261 Foreign currency adjustments 139 (77) — 62 Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments (24) (19) — (43) Stock compensation 265 10 — 275 Provision for/(Benefit from) deferred income taxes 17 195 — 212 Decrease/(Increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other) — 2,927 — 2,927 Decrease/(Increase) in intersegment receivables/payables (158) 158 — — Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable and other assets (3,429) (71) — (3,500) Decrease/(Increase) in inventory (1,476) — — (1,476) Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 7,122 171 — 7,293 Other 185 28 — 213 Interest supplements and residual value support to Ford Credit (1,750) 1,750 — — Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities $ 3,373 $ 6,623 $ — $ 9,996 Cash flows from investing activities Capital spending $ (3,844) $ (62) $ — $ (3,906) Acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases — (24,438) — (24,438) Collections of finance receivables and operating leases — 22,542 — 22,542 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (4,238) (202) — (4,440) Sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 5,417 176 — 5,593 Settlements of derivatives 110 (214) — (104) Capital contributions to equity method investments (138) — — (138) Returns of capital from equity method investments 1,700 — — 1,700 Other 180 — — 180 Investing activity (to)/from other segments 700 — (700) — Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities $ (113) $ (2,198) $ (700) $ (3,011) Cash flows from financing activities Cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents $ (1,793) $ — $ — $ (1,793) Purchases of common stock — — — — Net changes in short-term debt 192 (1,302) — (1,110) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 1 20,468 — 20,469 Payments of long-term debt (926) (23,902) — (24,828) Other (94) (52) — (146) Financing activity to/(from) other segments — (700) 700 — Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities $ (2,620) $ (5,488) $ 700 $ (7,408) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ 212 $ 271 $ — $ 483 13 Non-GAAP Financial Measures That Supplement GAAP Measures We use both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess Company and segment business performance. The non-GAAP measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent GAAP measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful perspective on underlying operating results and trends, and a means to compare our period-over- period results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted. • Company Adjusted EBIT (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net income / (Loss) attributable to Ford) – Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) excludes interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), taxes and pre-tax special items. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it focuses on underlying operating results and trends, and improves comparability of our period-over-period results. Our management excludes special items from its review of the results of the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources. Pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses, (ii) significant personnel expenses, supplier- and dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. When we provide guidance for adjusted EBIT, we do not provide guidance on a net income basis because the GAAP measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty, including gains and losses on pension and OPEB remeasurements and on investments in equity securities. • Company Adjusted EBIT Margin (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Company Net Income / (Loss) Margin) – Company Adjusted EBIT Margin is Company Adjusted EBIT divided by Company revenue. This non-GAAP measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting. • Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Earnings / (Loss) Per Share) – Measure of Company’s diluted net earnings / (loss) per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. The measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. When we provide guidance for adjusted earnings / (loss) per share, we do not provide guidance on an earnings / (loss) per share basis because the GAAP measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses. • Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Effective Tax Rate) – Measure of Company’s tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. The measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. When we provide guidance for adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance on an effective tax rate basis because the GAAP measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and OPEB remeasurement gains and losses. • Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (FCF) (Most Comparable GAAP Measure: Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities) – Measure of Company’s operating cash flow excluding Ford Credit’s operating cash flows. The measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including Company excluding Ford Credit capital spending, Ford Credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. The measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, restructuring actions, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under GAAP. This measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management’s assessment of the Company’s operating cash flow performance. When we provide guidance for Company Adjusted FCF, we do not provide guidance for net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities because the GAAP measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the Company's exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), Ford Credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by / (used in) our operating activities. • Adjusted ROIC – Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. This calculation provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the Company’s after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. Adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after-cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and certain pension / OPEB costs. Average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excluding Ford Credit Debt), and net pension / OPEB liability. Note: Calculated results may not sum due to rounding 14 Net Income / (Loss) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT ($M) Second Quarter First Half Memo: 2024 2025 2024 2025 FY 2024 Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford (GAAP) $ 1,831 $ (36) $ 3,163 $ 435 $ 5,879 Income / (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 2 7 4 9 15 Net Income / (Loss) $ 1,833 $ (29) $ 3,167 $ 444 $ 5,894 Less: (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (605) (570) (883) (718) (1,339) Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes $ 2,438 $ 541 $ 4,050 $ 1,162 $ 7,233 Less: Special Items Pre-Tax (49) (1,302) (922) (1,412) (1,860) Income / (Loss) Before Special Items Pre-Tax $ 2,487 $ 1,843 $ 4,972 $ 2,574 $ 9,093 Less: Interest on Debt (270) (297) (548) (585) (1,115) Adjusted EBIT (Non-GAAP) $ 2,757 $ 2,140 $ 5,520 $ 3,159 $ 10,208 Memo: Revenue ($B) $ 47.8 $ 50.2 $ 90.6 $ 90.8 $ 185.0 Net Income / (Loss) Margin (GAAP) (%) 3.8 % (0.1)% 3.5 % 0.5 % 3.2 % Adjusted EBIT Margin (Non-GAAP) (%) 5.8 % 4.3 % 6.1 % 3.5 % 5.5 % Earnings / (Loss) Per Share Reconciliation To Adjusted Earnings / (Loss) Per Share Second Quarter First Half 2024 2025 2024 2025 Diluted After-Tax Results ($M) Diluted After-Tax Results (GAAP) $ 1,831 $ (36) $ 3,163 $ 435 Less: Impact of Pre-Tax and Tax Special Items (79) (1,535) (732) (1,616) Adjusted Net Income / (Loss) – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 1,910 $ 1,499 $ 3,895 $ 2,051 Basic and Diluted Shares (M) Basic Shares (Average Shares Outstanding) 3,985 3,980 3,982 3,974 Net Dilutive Options, Unvested Restricted Stock Units, Unvested Restricted Stock Shares, and Convertible Debt 37 45 40 44 Diluted Shares 4,022 4,025 4,022 4,018 Earnings / (Loss) Per Share – Diluted (GAAP) (a) $ 0.46 $ (0.01) $ 0.79 $ 0.11 Less: Net Impact of Adjustments (0.01) (0.38) (0.18) (0.40) Adjusted Earnings Per Share – Diluted (Non-GAAP) $ 0.47 $ 0.37 $ 0.97 $ 0.51 a. In the second quarter of 2025, there were 45M shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings / (loss) per share, due to their anti- dilutive effect 15 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation To Adjusted Effective Tax Rate 2025 Memo: Q2 First Half Full Year 2024 Pre-Tax Results ($M) Income / (Loss) Before Income Taxes (GAAP) $ 541 $ 1,162 $ 7,233 Less: Impact of Special Items (1,302) (1,412) (1,860) Adjusted Earnings Before Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ 1,843 $ 2,574 $ 9,093 Taxes ($M) (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (GAAP) $ (570) $ (718) $ (1,339) Less: Impact of Special Items (233) (204) 323 Adjusted (Provision For) / Benefit From Income Taxes (Non-GAAP) $ (337) $ (514) $ (1,662) Tax Rate (%) Effective Tax Rate (GAAP) 105.4 % 61.8 % 18.5 % Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Non-GAAP) 18.3 % 20.0 % 18.3 % Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities Reconciliation To Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow ($M) 2024 2025 First Half Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 2024 2025 Net Cash Provided By / (Used In) Operating Activities (GAAP) $ 1,385 $ 5,508 $ 5,502 $ 3,028 $ 3,679 $ 6,317 $ 6,893 $ 9,996 Less: Items Not Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows Ford Credit Operating Cash Flows 1,181 685 1,296 438 4,106 2,517 1,866 6,623 Funded Pension Contributions (550) (83) (334) (106) (234) (281) (633) (515) Restructuring (Including Separations) (a) (176) (289) (226) (108) (163) (46) (465) (209) Ford Credit Tax Payments / (Refunds) Under Tax Sharing Agreement (33) — — 18 — — (33) — Other, Net (608) (b) 4 14 (287) (141) (144) (605) (285) Add: Items Included in Company Adjusted Free Cash Flows Company Excluding Ford Credit Capital Spending (2,073) (2,078) (1,970) (2,469) (1,790) (2,054) (4,151) (3,844) Ford Credit Distributions — 150 175 175 200 500 150 700 Settlement of Derivatives 23 (26) 230 (52) 1 109 (3) 110 Company Adjusted Free Cash Flow (Non- GAAP) $ (479) $ 3,237 $ 3,187 $ 727 $ (1,478) $ 2,826 $ 2,758 $ 1,348 a. Restructuring excludes cash flows reported in investing activities b. Includes a $365M settlement payment for the Transit Connect customs matter 16 Adjusted ROIC ($B) Four Quarters Ending Q2 2024 Four Quarters Ending Q2 2025 Adjusted Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash Tax Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to Ford $ 3.8 $ 3.2 Add: Noncontrolling Interest (0.0) 0.0 Less: Income Tax 0.2 (1.2) Add: Cash Tax (1.2) (0.7) Less: Interest on Debt (1.2) (1.2) Less: Total Pension / OPEB Income / (Cost) (2.6) (0.1) Add: Pension / OPEB Service Costs (0.6) (0.5) Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash Tax $ 5.7 $ 4.4 Less: Special Items (excl. Pension / OPEB) Pre-Tax (2.0) (2.7) Adj. Net Operating Profit / (Loss) After Cash Tax $ 7.7 $ 7.1 Invested Capital Equity $ 43.6 $ 45.1 Debt (excl. Ford Credit) 20.4 20.3 Net Pension and OPEB Liability 6.0 4.3 Invested Capital (End of Period) $ 70.0 $ 69.7 Average Invested Capital $ 69.1 $ 70.2 ROIC (a) 8.2 % 6.3 % Adjusted ROIC (Non-GAAP) (b) 11.1 % 10.1 % a. Calculated as the sum of net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters b. Calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit / (loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters 17 Special Items ($B) Second Quarter First Half 2024 2025 2024 2025 Restructuring (by Geography) Europe $ (0.2) $ (0.0) $ (0.5) $ (0.1) North America Hourly Buyouts — — (0.3) 0.0 Subtotal Restructuring $ (0.2) $ (0.0) $ (0.8) $ (0.1) Other Items Fuel Injector Field Service Action $ — $ (0.6) $ — $ (0.6) EV Program Cancellation — (0.3) — (0.4) Ford Share of Equity Method Investment’s Asset Impairments — (0.2) — (0.2) Ford Share of BlueOval SK’s Asset Write Down / Other — (0.2) — (0.2) Extended Oakville Assembly Plant Changeover 0.0 — (0.2) — Other 0.0 — 0.0 0.0 Subtotal Other Items $ 0.1 $ (1.3) $ (0.2) $ (1.3) Pension and OPEB Gain / (Loss) Pension and OPEB Remeasurement $ 0.2 $ — $ 0.2 $ 0.0 Pension Settlements, Curtailments and Separations Costs (0.0) (0.0) (0.1) (0.0) Subtotal Pension and OPEB Gain / (Loss) $ 0.1 $ (0.0) $ 0.1 $ (0.0) Total EBIT Special Items $ (0.0) $ (1.3) $ (0.9) $ (1.4) 18 FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (in millions) For the periods ended June 30, 2024 2025 2024 2025 Second Quarter First Half (unaudited) Financing revenue Operating leases $ 1,030 $ 1,176 $ 2,047 $ 2,307 Retail financing 1,364 1,539 2,655 3,049 Dealer financing 750 661 1,446 1,330 Other financing 43 45 83 83 Total financing revenue 3,187 3,421 6,231 6,769 Depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases (613) (603) (1,223) (1,208) Interest expense (1,897) (1,759) (3,745) (3,549) Net financing margin 677 1,059 1,263 2,012 Other revenue Insurance premiums earned 42 42 78 90 Fee based revenue and other 54 23 80 47 Total financing margin and other revenue 773 1,124 1,421 2,149 Expenses Operating expenses 343 443 686 796 Provision for credit losses 95 114 183 254 Insurance expenses 97 47 127 64 Total expenses 535 604 996 1,114 Other income/(loss), net 105 125 244 190 Income before income taxes 343 645 669 1,225 Provision for/(Benefit from) income taxes 88 102 180 258 Net income $ 255 $ 543 $ 489 $ 967 19 FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions) December 31, 2024 June 30, 2025 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,272 $ 8,469 Marketable securities 706 754 Finance receivables, net Retail installment contracts, dealer financing, and other financing 114,069 111,518 Finance leases 7,881 8,846 Total finance receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $864 and $890 121,950 120,364 Net investment in operating leases 21,689 23,359 Notes and accounts receivable from affiliated companies 836 657 Derivative financial instruments 784 1,642 Other assets 3,055 3,497 Total assets $ 158,292 $ 158,742 LIABILITIES Accounts payable Customer deposits, dealer reserves, and other $ 961 $ 961 Affiliated companies 723 969 Total accounts payable 1,684 1,930 Debt 137,868 137,394 Deferred income taxes 364 676 Derivative financial instruments 1,992 1,312 Other liabilities and deferred revenue 2,627 2,886 Total liabilities 144,535 144,198 SHAREHOLDER’S INTEREST Shareholder’s interest 5,166 5,166 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (1,217) (697) Retained earnings 9,808 10,075 Total shareholder’s interest 13,757 14,544 Total liabilities and shareholder’s interest $ 158,292 $ 158,742 20 FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) For the periods ended June 30, 2024 2025 First Half (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 489 $ 967 Provision for credit losses 183 254 Depreciation and amortization 1,530 1,541 Amortization of upfront interest supplements (1,126) (1,287) Net change in deferred income taxes 49 195 Net change in other assets (460) (56) Net change in other liabilities 203 379 All other operating activities 145 13 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 1,013 2,006 Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of finance receivables (21,808) (17,705) Principal collections of finance receivables 18,900 20,025 Purchases of operating lease vehicles (5,317) (5,793) Proceeds from termination of operating lease vehicles 3,918 3,193 Net change in wholesale receivables and other short-duration receivables (1,853) 3,001 Purchases of marketable securities and other investments (95) (202) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments 200 176 Settlements of derivatives (234) (214) All other investing activities (38) (62) Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (6,327) 2,419 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 28,960 20,468 Payments of long-term debt (25,066) (23,902) Net change in short-term debt (1,429) (1,302) Cash distributions to parent (150) (700) All other financing activities (93) (52) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 2,222 (5,488) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (150) 271 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ (3,242) $ (792) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 10,795 $ 9,360 Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (3,242) (792) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 7,553 $ 8,568