=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Page 1 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Q3 2025 United Airlines Holdings Inc Earnings Call Transcript Oct 16, 2025 / 02:30PM GMT Release Date Price: $98.19 (-5.63%) Key Points Transcript 10-Q8-K Q & A Ask a question about this transcript. Or leave it blank to get a summary of the transcript. Ask GuruAI Key Points Positve United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) delivered strong third-quarter results despite macroeconomic volatility, demonstrating resilience and the effectiveness of their brand loyal United Next strategy. The company surpassed 1 billion available seat miles in a single day and ﬂew over 48 million customers in the quarter, marking the busiest summer in United's history. United's top-line revenues increased by 2.6% to $15.2 billion in the quarter, with premium revenues up 6% year over year. The company is investing over $1 billion annually in customer product enhancements, which include improvements in all cabins and classes of service. United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) is making signiﬁcant investments in technology to drive cost efﬁciencies and improve customer experience, including the rollout of Starlink Wi-Fi and modernizing maintenance technologies. Negative Consolidated revenue per available seat mile (RASM) for the quarter was down 4.3%, with domestic RASM down 3.3% and international RASM down 7.1%. The airline faced signiﬁcant summer weather disruptions and system-wide air trafﬁc control challenges, although it managed to maintain operational resilience. Latin America results were disappointing, with elevated year-to-year capacity expected to persist for another two quarters. The company is facing ongoing negotiations with the Association of Flight Attendants (AFA) for a new contract, which could impact labor costs. United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) is still dealing with the competitive disadvantage of not being able to ﬂy over Russian airspace, affecting routes to China and Hong Kong. Operator Earnings conference call for the 3rd quarter of 2025. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Following the initial remarks from management, we will open the lines for questions. In order to ask a question, you will need to press star followed by the number 1 on your telephone keypad. This call is being recorded and is copyrighted.

Page 2 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Please note that no portion of the call may be recorded, transcribed, or rebroadcast without the company's permission. Your participation implies your consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, simply drop off the line. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Christina Edwards, managing director of investor relations. Please go ahead. Kristina Edwards United Airlines Holdings Inc - IR Contact Ofﬁcer Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's 3rd quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Yesterday we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forwardlooking statements which represents the company's current expectations, which are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release form 10K and 10, and other reports ﬁled at the FTC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our ﬁnancial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call, and historical operational metrics will exclude pandemic years of 2020 to 2022. Please refer to the related deﬁnitions and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook, our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Scott Kirby, President Brett Hart. Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Andrew Nella and executive Vice President and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Mike Luskinen. We also have other members of the executive team on the line available for the Q&A. And now I'll ﬂip the call over to. J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Scott. Thanks, Cristina, and good morning everyone. For the last few years we've talked about an industry that is transforming and the United Airlines is competitively positioned to win for United. That's meant winning brand loyal customers. The 3rd quarter is another data point that is consistent with the structural, permanent, and irreversible change that is occurring in this industry. We delivered strong 3rd quarter results despite macro volatility in the 1st 9 months of the year, and we now expect to grow earnings for the full year. The 1st 3 quarters of the year were an economic downturn for airlines, at least, and our ability to grow earnings in the face of the macro issues is proof that the brand loyal United Next strategy is resilient and tough times. And a clear proof point on our path to solid double-digit margins. What we've really proven is air travel is not a commodity. Our calls in the last few years, we've spent a lot of time appropriately talking about the industry structure and making predictions about how that would play out in the future. We're now seeing those predictions come true, and even though it's only the second or 3rd inning, I think the general contours of how that is going to end are widely known and easy to forecast to everyone at this point. And given that, I think it's time to shift the focus and talk about how unit gets the double-digit margins even in the current industry environment. There are two points on the revenue side and likewise 2 points on the cost side. On the revenue side, it starts with winning brand loyal customers. United is investing over a billion dollars in customer product enhancements annually, and that investment is in all cabins and classes of service. Every customer who ﬂies United gets more value. For basic economy customers, we don't just offer them a competitively priced ticket. We offer them the best app, an on-time ﬂight, power in every seat, seatback screens, a great loyalty program, just to name a few. For brand loyal customers, we all, for all the beneﬁts I just mentioned, plus expansive clubs, more seats up front, better food, more extensive route network to exotic destinations around the globe, and a loyalty

Page 3 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 program that gives bigger rewards and a tremendous amount of utility for their miles. And most importantly, our people are our best asset, and they're delivering for all of our customers each and every day. We're in the people business and our people have done an amazing job of carrying and providing friendly service that makes customers feel good. Is the foundation of keeping them brand loyal. From basic economy all the way to Polaris class, every United customer simply gets more value at United than what our competitors offer, and that's why they're brand loyal. It's also why we're winning more brand loyal customers every day, and it's the important competitive advantage that is giving us a general generational lead versus most of the industry. We believe that winning brand loyal customers sets up our second revenue advantage, the potential to double the EIT off from our loyalty program in the years to come. We're still in the pregame warmups for taking the United loyalty program to another level, but in order to invest over a billion dollars per year in incremental customer products and services, we had to ﬁnd a different and better way to manage costs. Historically, airlines looking to reduce costs have focused on costing, cutting customer friendly amenities like food. Because most of our expense is in areas we can't control like union contracts, airport fees, fuel, etc. Or by adding utilization ﬂying late at night on off peak days or there's slower times of the year. United is doing the exact opposite of that industry dogma, namely, investing more for the customer and focusing on ﬂying at times that can be proﬁtable instead of just trying to maximize aircraft utilization. And you can see it in our numbers. Our major cost focus at United is to drive real cost efﬁciencies through our use of technology that can also improve the customer experience. In public discussions, we've tended to focus more on the app and customer facing technology, but we're doing far more behind the scenes, and we're the most cutting edge technology airline in the world. Mike will give you some examples of these technology driven savings that allow us to lower true Chasim. These technology investments are efﬁcient for cost, but they also help us to run a more reliable operation for customers. And secondly on costs, we have large gauge increases coming as both Boeing and Airbus get back to a better delivery cadence. This strategy is working and I expect us to add at least a point or more of margin each year normalized for any unusual macroeconomic activity up or down, which gets us to the low teen margins in this industry capacity environment. But as I said earlier, the industry restructuring, each airline focus focusing its capacity in markets where they can be proﬁtable, is only in the second or 3rd inning. And as that process plays out, I expect that to add several more margin points to United, moving us up into the mid-teens margins. And as we deliver on that, I bet there are multiples move up meaningfully as well. And I'll turn it back to the team for a run through the quarter in our outlook. Brett Hart United Airlines Holdings Inc - President Thank you, Scott, and good morning. This summer was the busiest in United's history. We surpassed 1 billion available seat miles in a single day and ﬂew over 48 million customers in the quarter. Even with these volumes, as well as signiﬁcant summer weather disruptions and system-wide ATC challenges, our operation was resilient this quarter. The 3rd quarter marked our lowest rate of cancellations for any 3rd quarter in company history. And 6 of our seven hubs ranked 1 or second for on-time departures. We continue to adapt under pressure and to maintain ﬂexibility during irregular operations, preserving travel plans for more than 290,000 customers by managing delays rather than canceling ﬂights through use of connection.

Page 4 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 This is what drives the most value to our customers and helps build the brand loyalty we speak so much about. And our customer NPS score was up nearly 7% this summer versus summer 2024. This performance is a testament to the dedication of our united team, so thank you to each of you. At United, we remain focused on innovation and providing our teams with the most advanced tools in the industry to help them deliver their best every day. We are modernizing applications for employees that allows us to recover faster, scale support for customers, enabling better experiences even when things don't go as planned. We also continue to invest in our industry leading digital customer experience with a new dedicated section in our mobile app focused on making tight connections smoother and more predictable for customers through real-time, personalized tools, and communication. Driving further improvements in our customer experience and NPS scores. As we continue to take aircraft deliveries, we will also be growing our team. In 2026, we expect to hire over 2000 pilots and over 3,200 new ﬂight attendants. We are all proud of the fact that we continue to be a destination for great talent with over 27,000 applicants in just a few days for the most recent ﬂight attendant posting. Regarding the negotiations with the AFA, we met with the mediator in mid-September, and our negotiation is scheduled for the end of October. We remain focused on getting our ﬂight attendants, the best in the industry, the industry-leading contract they deserve. I want to thank Secretary Duffy, Administrator Bedford, and the administration for their support and leadership on the improvements at Newark. We are pleased with the FAA's announcement that ﬂights in Newark will be capped through October 2026 at 72 operations per hour, which better matches the capacity of the airport. The reduction in emissions along with the continued focus on technology upgrades and ATC stafﬁng further underpins our conﬁdence in Newark's long-term outlook. Newark achieved its best ever on-time departure and D0 for any 3rd quarter. Clear proof that the investments being made are working. Yesterday, our ﬁrst Starlink equipped Boeing 737-800 took off from Newark following FAA certiﬁcation last month. This marks a major milestone in our journey to deliver the fastest, most reliable, and free for mileage plus members Wi FY in the skies. More than half of our regional ﬂight now has Starlink successfully installed. We believe this superior in-ﬂight experience will be truly game changing as it expands across the remainder of our ﬂeet by 2027. Thank you to the entire United team for your continued hard work and commitment to excellence this quarter. We'll now hand it over to Andrew to provide an update on the revenue environment.

Page 5 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Thanks, Brett. United's top-line revenues increased 2.6% to 15.2 billion in the quarter on a 7.2% increase in capacity. Consolidated trazin for the quarter was down 4.3%. Domestic ram was down 3.3% in Q3 on 6.6% more capacity. Premium cabins outperformed the main cabin once again. After a long stream of positive razzam porters, United's international ﬂights in Q3 had rams down 7.1%. Global long haul demand continues to spread both earlier and later in the year out of Q3, making those periods stronger, a trade we take any day. Premium revenues were up 6% year over year and Pram for premium cabins outperformed the main cabin by 5 points. United had the company's all-time highest business revenue kicked in during the week ending October 5th. Of the top ﬁve best weeks in our history, 3 of the remaining 4 occurred in September 2025. Leisure demand is also healthy as we head into Q4. Not unlike 2024, capacity and demand are simply better balanced in the last quarter of this year, particularly for global long haul ﬂying. We saw bookings infect positive in early July and industry revenues are expected to be positive year over year for all remaining months of 2025. We expect our consolidated ram to meaningfully improve in Q4 year by year. International rams in Q4 will outperform domestic based on the current outlook. We also expect that Q4 will have United's best revenue quarter ever, but also have the highest absolute rams of any quarter of 2025. As you can see by the stress ﬁnancials at many airlines, it is clear much of their domestic ﬂying once again lost money in 2025, but also in the peak summer quarter. It is already beginning, but we believe more unproﬁtable industry ﬂying will continue to be scaled back, although the timing remains uncertain. While the supply demand imbalance did impact United's proﬁts in the 3rd quarter, we can report ALL7 of our hubs were proﬁtable in the quarter. We at United remain focused on reﬁnements we can make to the network and commercial strategies to build a stronger margin, particularly in the 3rd quarter of each year. Two years ago, we focused on adjustments to our Q1 network deployment that led to nearly a 4 point improvement in pre-tax margins, and in 2026, we're going to take a similar approach to Q3. For most of recent pre-pandemic history, Q3 rams were consistent with Q2 and Q4, with a modest peaking of capacity in Q3, where marginal ram was greater than marginal chasm. However, in 2024, we saw a GAAP emerge where Q3 rams at United trailed Q2 and Q4. We expect in 2025 we expect this GAAP to once again exist and to have widened. This Q3 issue appears to be an industry issue not speciﬁc to United. As much as we love the relative Q4 performance in recent years, the idea that Q3 trails by the magnitude we've seen in 2024 and in 2025 represents an opportunity for margin expansion. In 2026, we'll adjust how peaked our summer capacity plan is by ending the summer schedule a week early, operating 15% fewer red eye ﬂights and cutting more

Page 6 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 capacity from the July 4th holiday, to name a few in pursuit of higher margins. I also expect that our Atlantic capacity year by year, excluding Tel Aviv will be ﬂat to negative in Q3 2026. United's business model now has a more balanced demand levels across more of the year as our increasingly optimal mix between leisure demand, premium leisure demand, and business demand is yet another emerging advantage we have over commodity-based airlines. United's ability to further deseasonalize capacity we think creates yet another opportunity for cost convergence versus commodity airlines that only see proﬁt opportunities on peak leisure travel demand days or months. I think it's interesting to note proﬁtability is now inversely correlated with aircraft utilization in the US. The highest utilization airlines have the lowest margins. Mileage Plus had another strong quarter with total loyalty revenues up over 9%. Co-brand remuneration was up 15% year over year and should end the year up over 12%. We are seeing increased retention of cardholders along with higher spend as United's brand grows. Today I'd also like to share my view of where United has come from in the past decade, why our actual 2025 results thus far have proven so durable, and what we expect to drive continued gains among brand loyal customers and double-digit margins down the line. Starting with our many transformational annual investments of over $1 billion for our customers, we have successfully de-commoditized most of United's passenger revenues. We we believe that our tilt to brand loyal capacity and products in the last 5 years was well timed but also consistent with the demand proﬁle in our hub cities, which is why it's worked so well and why our premium efforts will be more margin accretive than others. However, it's important to understand we're always investing to create value for all passengers in all cabins. Even our most premium yield passengers often ﬂy in the main cabin, and our efforts to convert passengers to brand loyal clearly starts in the main cabin. Basic economy has altered the competitive landscape in the US and provided United a proﬁtable entry fare to attract many customers over a full life cycle. Quality and value matters more than ever to US consumers. Clubs that are not overcrowded, enhanced meals, great wine, industry leading technology, great customer service, CPAC screens, and fast Wi FY , to name a few. Those are the attributes we focus on. The quality part of the product offering was often overlooked by many as he favored simplicity and low cost. In our view, quality goes well beyond the schedule we offer our inherent excellent reliability. The smaller details do matter, and that combined with best in class customer service our team members deliver sets us up for success. Consistency of our products and services was unsurprisingly low at the early stages of our transformation, but is now reaching critical mass. United now operates 765 jets with more than 146,000 seatback screens. These screens are one way of deﬁning a premium airline in the US. Our signature interior conversion is now at 64% and an investment of over 1.6 billion. At United we've proven our ability to increase our relative razzm with the best results while at the same time increasing domestic gauge by almost 20% since 2019. We said a decade ago that not all capacity was created equal, and our results have proven that business case. The statement is only true for Brand loyal Airlines. Domestic gauge is expected to once again accelerate in 2027 as our 200 seat A3201 ﬂeet reaches critical mass after years of delay, hoping drive better customer experience, but also creating cost convergence with others. This gauge increase is a proven formula for margin growth and accelerates as we retire smaller, lower margin A319 and A3320 aircraft from our ﬂeet by 2030. United's hubs can support this

Page 7 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 higher gauge and allows us to accept more basic economy passengers at a proﬁt. Our transformation is making the world a smaller place for united and allowing us to add uniquely to places including but not limited to Greenland and Mongolia. A large thanks to the 100,000 plus United team members who together have built this durable generational lead. I'm going to turn it over to Mike to talk about our ﬁnancial results, Mike. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Thanks, Andrew. We delivered a strong 3rd quarter. Customers are speaking with their wallets and are increasingly choosing to ﬂy United because of our strong operational performance and the signiﬁcant investments we made and continue to make in the airline. Starlink is another example of how we're differentiating our customer experience for the better. This quarter. I'm particularly proud of our team for our disciplined cost management. I expect that our negative 0.9% Chasm X performance will be industry leading. As Scott mentioned, we've made strategic investments in our product that drive higher costs, but we are helping offset those by running the core airline more efﬁciently, and those investments are increasingly differentiating United Airlines, creating brand loyal customers, de-commoditizing United, and driving solid margins and returns on capital. We've been investing over 1 billion annually over the last few years into improving our aircraft, our clubs, our food, and our Wi FY . And we expect to spend another billion dollars next year. We increased the amount we spend on food by 25% this year. We're investing $1 billion on our rollout of Starlink Wi FY so that our customers have the best in class connectivity. Our investments in clubs doubled in 2025 and is expected to more than double in 2026 as demand for this product continues to grow. These are just a few examples, but it's important to note that we're doing this all while delivering industry leading cost performance. Being able to invest in our customer experience is possible because we're simultaneously driving efﬁciency in the core operation that produces meaningful and permanent savings. Some examples include modernizing all of our maintenance technologies so they can be used on iPads, allowing our technicians quicker access to United's resources. For example, before introducing iPads throughout the shift, our technicians would walk to and from our hangars and aircraft, checking the aircraft's paper logbook, printing manuals from the legacy mainframe systems at the hangar, and ordering parts from their terminal at the hangar. To ultimately ﬁx the aircraft. Today, iPads give technicians the ability to instantaneously access troubleshooting manuals and to order parts all while at the aircraft, turning airplanes faster and improving the efﬁciency of our workforce. Additionally, signiﬁcant investments in people, process, and technology have been made to improve our recovery from IROPs, events which enables us to restart the airline following an event much quicker than we have in the past. One particular tool already in use is our Orca tool, which optimizes aircraft routing, crew pairings, and

Page 8 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 customer connections so that our targeted delays or cancels prioritize our customers in the optimal plan for guiding the airline through signiﬁcant events. Our operational leadership and frontline employees are performing the best in our history. This has led to United leading the industry in the quickest recovery following signiﬁcant events, and you can see the direct impact of that comparing our 3rd quarter cost to others in the industry. We're not just looking to make our operation more efﬁcient. We're making process changing changes and using AI to make the work of our headquarters management team more efﬁcient too. In fact, our management headcount is 4% lower than last year. As this efﬁciency work continues, we're planning to shrink another 4% in 2026. This is a new culture at United Airlines, and as such I'm going to give a long-term framework on how we're thinking about Chasm. General inﬂation in this industry is running about 3 to 4% annually, and we expect that to continue inclusive of labor. At United, our gauge growth should provide about a 1% annual tail end through the end of the decade. We're also committed to driving efﬁciency into the core business of another 1 point per year. So together, our core chasmax growth should run up at 1 to 2% annually if we did nothing else. But as we've been highlighting, Unit is transforming because of our investments we have made in improving the customer experience and decommoditizing air travel. You should expect that to continue, and on average, we expect that to add about 1 point of Chasm pressure per year that is more than offset by revenue generation. Altogether our Chasm run rate should run up around 2 to 3% annually. Now turning to the quarter, we delivered 3 quarter earnings per share of $2.78 above the top end of our guidance range of $2.25 to $2.75 and ahead of Wall Street expectations of $2.68. Our pre-tax margin was 8% and would have been a point higher absent of disruptions earlier this year at Newark. We had industry leading operational performance that underpins strong unit cost performance. Our third quarter Chasm X was down 0.9%. Our cost in the quarter did beneﬁt by approximately 1 point of expense, moving to the fourth quarter, primarily driven by maintenance and approximately 1 point from the timing of certain labor contracts. Looking to the 4th quarter, the momentum in the revenue environment Andrew described continues, and we expect 4th quarter EPS to be $3 to $3.50. That brings our full year EPS towards the better half of our full year 2025 guidance range of $9 to $11 and should position us to be the only airline to grow earnings this year. This demonstrates that winning brand loyal customer drives resilience in the business and when the economy rallies provides upside. As I mentioned last quarter, the industry now has two brand loyal, structurally proﬁtable, and revenue diverse airlines, which together will represent about 100% of industry proﬁts in 2025. We continue to

Page 9 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 target double-digit pretext margins in the long-term. Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to march towards our goal goal of an investment grade balance sheet. During the quarter and earlier this month, we bought back 377 aircraft off of expensive COVID air leases that carry implied interest rates in the high single-digits. This accelerated our deleveraging efforts while further optimizing our cost of capital. We've eliminated all expensive ﬁnancing from the from the balance sheet and have no ﬁxed coupons over 6%, an average ﬂoating margin of 1.9%, and the average cost of debt of less than 5%. These actions are being noticed by the rating agencies. We are upgraded by S&P to Double B+ from DoubB on August 12th, the highest they have rated us in over two decades. This change gives recognition to the fact that our business plan is working as our earnings grow and become more resilient and continue our migration towards investment grade credit ratings. Free cash ﬂow generation also remains a key focus, and we expect to generate over $3 billion in free cash ﬂow this year. I've talked about free cash ﬂow conversion around 50%, and this year we're trending well above that due to the timing of aircraft deliveries. As aircraft deliveries accelerate and CapEx rise rises, we expect to remain in the 50% range. And as we exit the decade, we expect the conversion to accelerate closer to around 75%. On the buyback, we continue to take a measured approach and take advantage of opportunistic moves in the market while also working towards getting our net leverage below 2 times. To wrap it up, I want to thank the team for the continued execution. Our ability to manage through what has been an earnings recession for the airline industry has been remarkable. And while I still think there is an upside to our absolute margin, and that matters the most, our relative margin is outstanding. My conﬁdence in the ﬁnancial future continues to grow as we exit the year. United Airlines and the industry continue to transform into a customer centric, brand loyal business. United Airlines will continue to provide more value to our customers, to our employees, and to our shareholders. Now back to Christina this star you and I. Kristina Edwards United Airlines Holdings Inc - IR Contact Ofﬁcer Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. We want to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question, and it absolutely needed one follow-up question. Regina, please describe the procedure to ask a question. Questions & Answers Operator Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. If you would like to ask a question, please press star, then one on your telephone keypad. Please hold for a moment while we assemble our queue. The ﬁrst question comes from the line of Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Catherine O;Brien

Page 10 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst ' Good morning everyone. Thanks for the time. To me ﬁrst, a follow-up to Scott's margin commentary to kick off the call. We've seen domestic main cabin seats come out of the market this year, although there has been backﬁll. You noted that system margins would go up a couple of points if the industry rationalized more, but what's your view on what would happen to main cabin margins if there was a step function change in main cabin supply? Would that narrow or even close the GAAP between main cabin and premium cabin margins or or there's just always going to be a GAAP given the demand proﬁle of price sensitive versus more premium customers? J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Thanks. So thanks, Katherine. That's an interesting and I think insightful question. But to answer it, I'm going to give you some of the, I think you just take a step back and give some of the history and evolution of the industry. And for most of my career, essentially everyone associated with the airline industry, airline executives, including myself for the ﬁrst decade, but Wall Street analysts and investors. Have thought of the airline industry as a commodity, not just price, but the schedule. Schedule drove everything, and that's how most of us thought of the industry. And by the way, it's why people on Wall Street, write notes that essentially every seat is created equal and do competitive capacity analysis for implicitly the assumption that every city is created equal. I also think, by the way, it's the reason we trade at such low multiples because that's what happens in commodity industries. But what we've proven, And continue to prove in the last few years is that it is possible to transform into a brand loyal airline, which is dramatically different than the commoditized portion of the industry. For brand loyal customers, if you think about those, I think they're the majority of customers in the industry, they're not all, but they're the majority of the customers in the industry, and for them, schedule is still the number one factor. That's kind of how we got to thinking of this as a commoditized industry. But most customers have multiple airlines that have broadly competitive and similar schedules that give them the option. And so most of those customers like to choose an airline to give their loyalty to, accumulate miles, get the credit card, go on great exotic destinations around the globe, and winning those customers is the winning formula. You have to win them. You have to give them great value, but winning those customers is the winning formula and For those customers, it starts with the schedule, but that's just the starting point. And from there it's the product, it's the technology, the service. It's how people treat all of them that allow us to win those customers and we look at the data from the last 5 years, like in each of our hubs, we've won a signiﬁcant market share of customers that live in those cities and it's those brand loyal customers. That we have won, and that's something that we've been working on for, almost a decade now, billions of dollars of investments to get there a focused strategy that has been consistent over time. That's why I say that is structural, that is a structural change, but because it's structural, it's permanent and irreversible. What that means on the commodity portion of this, we do have some of our seats that are being supplied to the commodity portion of the business. It's less as a percentage is less than others, but everyone does. I think that portion of the business currently loses money for everyone, for the ultra low cost carriers, they're 100% commoditized, and you can see how much it loses, but it really loses money across the board. Brand loyal is higher margin, but commodity loses money. That supply is adjusting in the commodity portion of the business. I think it is going to, I just started. The tip of the spear is the airlines that are 100%, but it's not going to stop there. I think within a couple of years, the supply and demand will be balanced for the commodity portion of the business and it'll be proﬁtable for everyone.

Page 11 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 I think it'll be low margin as all commodity businesses are, but it will be proﬁtable. But the great news for us is that, the majority of our revenue is going to come from the brand loyal customers. I think we're proving this year that that Revenue stream is resilient in tough times, but it's also, has more, even more upside in the good times. So commoditized seats on an airline, the more commoditized seats you have, the lower the margins are going to be. I think they will be proﬁtable, but that the future really is going to belong to the couple of brand loyal airlines that I think are going to be able to achieve more stability and earnings, less cyclicality, more stability and and and mid 10s margins. Catherine O;Brien Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst ' Thanks so much for all that color, Scott. Really appreciate it. Maybe if I can squeeze in a quick follow-up for Mike on cost. So last quarter you had said 4th quarter cost would look similar to 2 inclusive of ﬂight attendant deal. There's quite a lot of moving pieces since then with the ﬂight attendants and some maintenance shift. Can you update us on selling the tether to? Could Chasm still be close to that 2Q reference point, or if not, can help us frame it a bit more? Thank you so much. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President And thanks for the question, Katie. And look, we got about a point beneﬁt from maintenance moving from 3 to 4Q, as I said. We also get about a point beneﬁt from from the labor agreement. Underlying that, we also got a further third point of goodness that I think is indicative of what you're going to see in the future from us of underlying core efﬁciency. So all that came together for really an excellent result. I do expect 4Q to trend. Trend up from the 3 level, but really proud of those results. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Jamie Baker JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Yeah, good morning. So a question for Andrew. Last week, the topic of premium leisure yields exceeding certain corporate yields came up. Obviously it's easy to ﬁnd isolated examples of this, but my question to you is, how widespread might this be across your network and does this potentially represent A secular change or should investors still remain focused on corporate yields as representing the gold standard in the long run the way they clearly were a decade ago. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer It's a really good question, Jamie, and it's a nuisance answered, based on everything else in our in our business that's complicated. So the answer is the premise is correct that we've seen the growth, the premium leisure, and the yield quality accelerate really fast. And when we look at it across our domestic system.

Page 12 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 We ﬁnd in fact the quality of of premium leisure business often exceeds that of traditional corporate business, which, by the way, is a much smaller percentage of United's business than it was in 2019. I think the distinction that I'll give you that's a little bit different is that that same phenomena is not yet true in global long haul, that the corporate there does remain much higher yield than the premium leisure business at this point. But again, premium leisure continues to accelerate, the percentage of the cabinet continues to grow. And our overall sold load factors and players continue to grow. So we seek through RM the best of both worlds. We seek to maintain all that corporate business and gain corporate share while at the same time as we reconﬁgure aircraft, taking on more and more premium leisure business. So I couldn't be more excited by this trend. Like it's just an amazing thing. That I don't think anybody would have predicted in 2019, but it's come true and it's come true quarter after quarter, I think for 3 years in a row now, and it will come true again in the Q4 this year, and we will lean further into premium capacity next year as a result with things we planned a couple of years ago. Jamie Baker JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst And somewhat related to that, Andrew, the relationship between revenue and nominal GDP, got a lot of airplay during the recovery, from COVID. It's not really a talking point anymore, but the Bull case at one time was that enough structural change had taken place that we would see the industry exceed, the preCOVID long-term relationship and Certainly based on the A48 data that hasn't happened yet. Maybe you crunch the numbers differently, but is this topic merely a blast from the past or something that we should continue thinking about? Do you think about it, put it that way. Thanks. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer I don't think about it that way anymore, and I don't think about it that way in a large part, what Scott gave his narrative on. How we're different, how a few airlines like us are different, and our revenue streams are simply different and durable relative to the commodity-based airlines. So when you look at that GDP relationship, you're looking at one big total of revenues, and it doesn't distinguish the high-quality airlines and the high-quality seats from the low quality seats, and that's the thing that I think has been lost in The formula that we all used to rely upon. So no, we do not rely upon that formula as we used to. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Dodora with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Andrew Didora BofA Securities, Inc - Analyst Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. His ﬁrst question for Andrew, I guess I noticed the air trafﬁc liability fell only 3% sequentially. If I look back historically, it's been closer to down down 10, 2 to 3. So I think this clearly supports some of the bullish commentary that you've had on the call. I guess my question, how should we read into this decline in the ATL? Does this speak to Just the strong pricing that you're seeing, or does it say something just in terms of how you're booked today for the rest of the year in terms of volumes, then maybe you typically are at this point in time. United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer

Page 13 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Those facts are correct in terms of the ATL, I would, it's the momentum in the business. It is clearly a lot of good bookings that we've taken over the last few months and months reﬂect in our outlook for Q4, which, we're really proud of the outlook for Q4 and how it is inﬂected nicely from Q3. We're also booked a little bit ahead as we go into Q4 that reﬂects that. Overall, we've seen a really good environment. I said in my prepared remarks what we saw from business trafﬁc at United, our bookings over the last few weeks, which have been really amazing. So looking forward to positive, news for Q4 and a great 2026. Andrew Didora BofA Securities, Inc - Analyst Got it. And then just as a follow-up, I kind of wanted to ask you on the Latin America results in the quarter. Your calls are very focused on margins. So just curious, why did you grow so much in Latin America in 3Q when it seems like the Rasm performance certainly didn't warrant it. Just curious your thoughts there and how maybe you can ﬁx that going forward. Thank you. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Yeah, I think that's a very fair question. Look, results for Latin, we're disappointed as we look towards Q4, I think Latin will have our largest sequential improvement, but, that's not an easy, it is an easy comp, I guess at the end of the day. So look, I expect elevated year to year capacity in the region to exist for approximately another 2 quarters by United and the industry. While competitive capacity tailwinds are favorable across most of our network in the coming quarters, that isn't true in Latin America, and that's very focused on Mexico and Central America. As we see in our domestic ﬂying, we believe most of the new competitive ﬂying in the region to the United States is unproﬁtable and transitory. We have a good position in Houston and we intend to hold our ground. Non-core, non-H Houston ﬂying by United that underperformed will be removed. And I'll also say Deep South ﬂying is set up for a nice peak season, driving improvements. But core united capacity to and from Houston to Mexico and Central America will continue as planned, and we remain very focused on the long-term when it comes to our Houston hub and our Latin American franchise. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kayalu with Jeffrey. Please go ahead. Sheila Kahyaoglu Jefferies LLC - Analyst Good morning guys, and thank you. Maybe two questions. The ﬁrst one short-term. Can we talk about the sequential unit revenue trajectory for 24, the moving pieces of domestic versus international? It's just somewhat interesting that international is going to outperform given where schedules are shaping up. Can you just give us a little bit of data on the booking curve and how the holidays are looking. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer All right, look, it's Andrew Q4 is setting up nicely as I've indicated, and I think as you all can ﬁgure out if you look at our guidance, we're seeing really signiﬁcant sequential gains in our rams.

Page 14 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 You know what I'll start off with is, New York clearly had a substantial negative impact on Q3 of a little more than 1 point. And while we're always yield focused as a premium branded loyal airline, we did temporarily use lower prices across all products to regain share following that event, and that continued for most of Q3. New York share did rebound ﬁrst with lower yield in local leisure passengers and then with higher yield leisure and corporate business following the improvement throughout the quarter. And while the impact of bookings has largely dissipated, we did build a small deﬁcit of Q3 bookings. Into Q4, which is in our guide, by the way. The remainder, of our Q3 GAAP relates to the timing of events in 2024, including the Paris Olympics and crowd strike. I think that's pretty simple math that others in the industry have explained. So I'm really excited about, the inﬂection, I think all three international entities are going to see really good sequential improvement. By the way, I think Atlantic, even with elevated capacity, will absolutely be positive in Q4 year every year and probably the same is true for our Paciﬁc entity. And so we did see this one time, GAAP in Q3 based on how we shaped capacity. And I said earlier in my prepared remarks we're going to alter our schedule for 2026 to account for that. And then in the end across the entire globe, there, Hawaii is deﬁnitely been a strong spot for us, but I'd say the rest of the globe is all performing at the same rate, which is a rate we're pretty happy with when we look again at the sequential improvement. Sheila Kahyaoglu Jefferies LLC - Analyst Okay, maybe, a longer-term question thought maybe for you if you'd like, you mentioned the 100 bits of margin improvement per year. How do you think about that as Casim is rises 2 to 3% per year? It implies margin expansion is assuming ram up load to miss single-digits per year. So how do you think about the drivers of that and obviously a signiﬁcant diver divergence from history. J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Yeah, it does the math is means that Rasm has to outperform chasm. I do expect that to happen. I mean, next year, it's easy comps, just to start with, but, we just continue to have a lot of traction with brand loyal customers and you look deeper into the data where we want market share in each of our hubs and, how that is reacted, how that is ﬂowing through the margins. I feel pretty conﬁdent that we ought to be able to get at least a point of margin per year. And I think if you kind of look at this year, there's been an unprecedented amount of stuff that has happened this year, kind of across the whole industry at a macro level, and also to us speciﬁcally in New York, and the fact that we're going to grow earnings this year, I think is quite remarkable. . I use the word resilient, but it's also a demonstration that our strategy, if you strip all that out, we grew by more than a margin, we would have grown by more than a margin, a full point of margin this year. And so we feel really conﬁdent you dig into the data on, brand loyal customers and what's happening in each of our hubs, that that that's going to be a tailwind. And I also brieﬂy mentioned it in my opening remarks, but We have some really big ideas on the loyalty program, which we're not going to tell you today for anyone else asking. I think we're going to double the EBITDA, by the end of the decade, in that program, which is going to have more, like I think we're just beginning to realize the full potential of the loyalty program and there's a lot of a lot of runway there.

Page 15 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Sheila, I can't help but pile on. When I talked about the Chasm buildup, I talked about 1 to 2% of Casamax related to inﬂation after we managed, have the opportunity to drive gauge, and then we're adding a point as we create more segmentation, more premium products. We're adding that point, very consciously because it's driving consumer preference. It's driving consumers to upgrade their cabin, it's driving. Consumers to to buy what is a premium product. And so that's proﬁt created. If it wasn't proﬁt created, we wouldn't spend it. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer And then I'll I'll just pile on since we're all talking, for next year, our premium capacity will be up 2 to 3 points more than our total capacity. I'm not going to give you guidance for next year, but we've preprogrammed this long ago to take advantage of these premium trends. And we know that we need to change our commercial strategies, our conﬁgurations, and our products in order to achieve those arousing gains, and the good news is we've pre-planned it and it's going to happen. Operator Our next question will come from the line of Dwayne Finningworth with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Duane Pfennigwerth Evercore Inc - Analyst Hey, thanks. I appreciate it. You've covered a lot of good stuff already, but I wondered if we could bridge from the tone of mid-September conferences to today, not really about the 3rd quarter, but forward bookings. I assume you have a good head start on 4Q bookings and advanced yields year over year. Can you comment on how much of a head start you've built, speciﬁcally maybe on advanced book yields. And is your relative optimism about transatlantic, is that a volume comment or is that a yield comment? Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Look, deﬁnitely over the next two months we've booked ourselves ahead versus last year, so we go into the into the quarter, booked a couple points ahead, which was intentional on our part. We did use a little bit of yield to make that happen again, but that was intentional based on what we did last year and how we managed the capacity and so we're happy with that. On the Atlantic, there's a Tel Aviv story which is different than the rest, but Atlantic, again we've learned a lot about Q3 seasonality and where capacity should be placed, and we are going to be a lot more prudent with July and August in particular next year and push capacity out into the other quarters. And so as we look at Atlantic and you can see the numbers, we're growing pretty swiftly in Q3 or Q4 sorry, and I've told you already that we expect we will be positive rowing across the Atlantic. So we've properly placed our capacity. We're aware of the demand trends, and we're very happy with what it looks like. And the last thing I'll add is, in particular for us, the propensity or the share of revenue in premium cabins is the lowest in Q3 and the highest in Q4, which favors United Airlines given our business centric airline. And how we do well. And

Page 16 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 so we're heading into amazingly, which is a point of strength, the Q4 across the Atlantic, which again I don't think if we went back to 2017, 2018, or 2019, I would be able to say that and I'm really excited about that. I think that opens up all kinds of possibilities for the airline on how we manage our capacity and it's off to a great start. We're early in the quarter, but it's off to a great start. Duane Pfennigwerth Evercore Inc - Analyst Thank you, Andrew. And just quickly on cost, Mike, can you talk more speciﬁcally about the maintenance expense that shifted here? It just, I mean, the muscle memory is such that there always seems to be something that's going to come back and then it never does. So I think you've been, good and conservative there. Is there an accrual for ﬂight attendants speciﬁcally baked into the 4Q guide? And should we think about 2026 as one of your framework 2 to 3 years. Thank you. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Yeah thanks Dwayne. I think there are 3 questions in there. Let me TRY to address them in order. 2020, the quarter, the 1% movement was primarily engines. This happens with some frequency, where an engine event that we had been expecting pushes from 3 to 4Q or to 2 to 3Q that happens. And then, yes, sometimes, what happens is that another a separate engine event pushes from 4Q into 1Q and therefore you don't see it the catch up. I do think you'll see the catch up of that point in 4Q of this year. So that was the point. Regarding ﬂight attendants, look, we've got the best ﬂight attendants in the business. They deserve an industry leading contract. We're going to give them an industry leading contract. We're hoping to get back to the negotiation table here in late October, and very optimistic we will have a ratiﬁed deal in 2026, early 2026, to get them that industry leading pay, but we're not going to accrue for expenses in a quarter when we don't expect a ratiﬁcation in that quarter. And then your ﬁnal question around 2026, I think that 2 to 3% is the right is the right expectation for Casimax as you look over a multi-year time frame. We have a, we do have a bill to pay on the labor front. I've been saying for some time that that bill is 2 to 3 points when all of those labor agreements ratify. And so we will have some added expense relative to that in 2026. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Connor Cunningham with Meallius Research. Please go ahead. Connor Cunningham Melius Research LLC - Analyst Hi, everyone. Thank you, Scott, I know you asked us not to ask about the doubling of the loyalty but but it's a pretty big carrot, so I have to ask. Maybe you could talk about. I, you redid the deal with the on your credit card with Chase right before the pandemic, I think that we're getting up to a time where we start to renegotiate a new one. So maybe you could talk about what is the driver behind doubling in terms of a new rate and

Page 17 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 versus what you're going to do behind the scenes to make the loyalty program more valuable. Thank. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer You. Well, look, I'll I'll start. Look, we're, I mean, we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity. There's a lot going on in the space, and I'm not going to divulge the details of our chase contract in terms of its term that that remains conﬁdential, but the term doesn't go forever just like every contract we enter into. I think the broader point is when we think about the frequent ﬂyer program, United is a true loyalty program, and loyalty is different than a reward program. And it's important that we manage our program in that vein, and there are a bunch of things we can do to take advantage of our unique status, and we think there's only in the United States 2 to 4 loyalty programs. Everything else we talk about is a reward program. And so we're not going to announce it today, but we're going to be working very hard to make sure that consumers fully understand the distinction between our program and the alternatives and the rewards and the value that can be achieved at United in a way that I don't think it's been done in the past. So I think that's enough of a hint for now and more to come, but as Scott said, we're very excited about this and we'll see where we get. Okay. Connor Cunningham Melius Research LLC - Analyst We'll look forward to that. And maybe, sticking with the whole hub stuff in capacity in general. Scott, I think you did an interview not too long ago. You talked about how United only ﬁghts battle from the high ground. When you ﬁrst came there, when you guys ﬁrst came there to take over United and reshape it, you talk. A fair bit about the midcon hub strategy. I was hoping you could just mark where we are in terms of that rebuild. It just seems like there's, the industry's in ﬂux right now. There's an opportunity to kind of start to potentially think about focused cities and whatnot. Can you just talk about the opportunity behind beyond the seven hubs in general? Thank you. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Well, I'll start off with I'm sure Scott can add some of his wisdom to the conversation, but we haven't completed the United next assignment that we set out to do. We should complete that either probably in late 2026 or maybe early 2027. And that goal is to reach a certain level of connectivity, critical mass and gauge that allows us to achieve much higher domestic margins than we have traditionally achieved in our domestic hubs, as I've said many times and I'll say it again today, international margins lead the way united, and while I expect that to be true over the long run, I do expect the GAAP to be able to shrink dramatically based on, what we plan for the hubs. And in particular this gauge calculation, we still remain under gauge. That gauge is going to change our cost convergence calculation even further, allow us to capture more share at the high end and more share at the low end all proﬁtably, but we still have, roughly 1 to 2 more years to go, we'll ﬁgure out the exact end point, but after that endpoint we will take a broader look beyond our hubs at what makes sense. But we're very careful to make sure that whatever ﬂy we add is margin accretive, and that will be a test beyond our

Page 18 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 hubs, but for right now, still very focused on our hubs. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolf Research. Please go ahead. Scott Group Wolfe Research LLC - Analyst Hey, thanks. Good morning. I've got two quick ones. I'll just lump them into one. The loyalty IAA doubling, like just a rough starting point, like what percentage of the EBITDA is it today? I just want to get a sense of the base and then Mike, just your point about 2 to 32 to 3% bill from labor. Is that ALL2 to 3 points incremental that comes next year? Have you realized some of that from some of the other labor deals? I just want to is 5 to 10 an incremental 2 to 3 points, I guess that's what I'm trying to ﬁgure out. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Let me take the expense question, Scott. This is not the time where we would give 2026 guidance, and nor do we give CASM and tram guidance anymore. But what I will tell you is with the underlying inﬂation, with the labor headwinds we expect, we feel very conﬁdent about margin expansion and growth in earnings in 2026. For more detail on that, you're going to have to wait for the Q4 call. I'll give loyalty to Andrew. We'll just. Kristina Edwards United Airlines Holdings Inc - IR Contact Ofﬁcer We can answer, I mean, Andrew just answered a very similar question right before this, Scott, and we'll have to, you have to wait and see for an investor day when we provide, a clear breakdown of the contribution of this business, but it's obviously a very meaningful portion of our earnings. And for those of you that have that are next in the queue, I suggest you take my my recommendation to limit yourself to one question. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Tom Fitzgerald with TD Cowan. Please go ahead. Tom Wadewitz UBS Securities LLC - Analyst Hi, thanks so much for the time. I was wondering if you could just update us on the cadence of Starlink

Page 19 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 installation as we move through 2026, and then how the opportunities that opens up for Connective Media. Thanks again. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer I, I'll give it a start for United Express, I think we're over halfway through at this point with the Embryo 175s and the CRJ 550s. The experience on board the aircraft, by the way, is amazing. Hopefully everybody tuned into the Today Show yesterday to see that demonstration on board, and if you haven't, you can ﬁnd it on social media and TikTok because it was quite amazing. Our 1st 737-800 took off yesterday from New York to Houston with dramatically higher NPS scores like off the chart on that aircraft equipped with Starling. It is a game changer, a gate to gate experience, reliable and as fast as your living room. This is going to be a unique differentiator versus our other competition. And I tell you, like of all the things we put on board aircraft, all the changes we made, whether it's wine or food or better seats, Starlink could be the biggest of them all. And as you pointed out, one of the more exciting things is how we intersect Starlink and the ability to deliver unique content to each and every seat. In our connected media business, obviously we have, I think through the end of 2027 to install Starlink on all of our aircraft, and we're going to do it on every single one of our aircraft. And when we have that fully enabled, so it's still a bit down the road, the unique things we can do by knowing who's in a seat and being able to deliver unique content to that seat very quickly. And by the way, that's not only the media opportunity, but that's about delivering. Aids to help in the travel journey, whether your luggage made on board the aircraft or what you're about to eat, or any other thing you need to know to make sure that you are stress free when you travel on United Airlines. So so much upside again I Go back to the NPS scores on that ﬂight the other day were off the charts, like a game changer for United. We couldn't be more excited about this. It's one of the biggest things we've done in a really long time and maybe underappreciated, but it will soon be appreciated. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President And if you want to geek out this is totally on statistics, we had 145 paying customers, 170 devices connected on the inaugural, and the 145 gigabytes used on the ﬂight, which is about 1,000 times more than a normal ﬂight. But it's good for for. The nerds out. Operator There. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Linnberg with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Michael Linenberg Deutsche Bank AG - Analyst Oh yeah, hey, good morning everyone. Scott, I know this 4th quarter, I believe, you're going to be making

Page 20 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 a decision on the future shape and size of your wide body ﬂeet. And I know historically, or at least the prevailing view has been that bringing on another airplane type, especially on the wide-bodied side, comes with various pain points. Can you just discuss some of the factors like how has that evolved or is it still as prohibitively expensive to bring on an additional type? Just your thoughts around that. Thanks for taking my question. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Hey Mike, this is Mike. I'm going to take that question. You're right, we're always thinking about ﬂeet decisions and this 4th quarter is an important decision for us. There are complexity costs around having additional aircraft, pipes. That is always true for United given. The nature of our hub network that has not changed. So the larger we grow and to the extent it's a larger subﬂeet, that gives us opportunity to mitigate, but there are also different capabilities of different aircraft and you need different range and you need different gauge. And so we're weighing those against one another and we're weighing the price and we're weighing the expected maintenance cost of the aircraft, and we're going to make the decision that optimizes proﬁts for the long-term for United. So stay tuned. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Asavisythe with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Unidentiﬁed Participant Hey, good morning. I was curious if you could remind us again how you're thinking about the ﬂeet plan. It seems like you had a few more deliveries this year than you had an additionally planned, so Airbus and Boeing getting their act together. So curious why you're thinking about kind of 2026 and and how that progresses. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Thanks, Abby. Look, Boeing's deﬁnitely getting their act together on the air body side, and we're getting some additional deliveries versus what we had expected, and I think that's going to continue in 206 and maybe even 27. On the wide body front, we're still seeing some delays, although there's reason for some optimism on that front as well. To the extent that occurs, we'll see additional deliveries that'll drive CapEx up in the short-term. But the up gauging on the narrow body side in particular combined with the ﬁnancing terms and our prices, it is margin accretive. It's pretty quickly actually even return on capital accretive, and so we're welcoming some faster deliveries of delivery of aircraft. And as I talk about free cash conversion, we run a whole multitude of scenarios and I feel very good about expanding free cash conversion even with some growing CapEx. Operator Our next question will come from the line of Robbie Schenker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.

Page 21 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Ravi Shanker Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC - Analyst Great thanks morning everyone. Apologies if I missed this, but, I think there hasn't been much talk of the government shutdown so far. If you can just help quantify what you're seeing out there, what are some of the puts and takes, in terms of, the range of outcomes and whether that is your act of God, your guide to the quarter. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Thank you. J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Okay, I'll TRY . First, the controllers, despite a lot of the press, the controllers are professionals. The vast majority of the controller workforce is showing it to business. We also have more communication and coordination at all levels with the FAA than I ever have seen in my entire career, and some of those two means that the system is actually running well. We have our lowest cancellation rate. In a decade for October second best on-time performance. From a bookings perspective, the ﬁrst couple of weeks, there hasn't really been a measurable impact in the ﬁrst couple of weeks of October, though I think the longer this drags on, obviously the risk will grow on both of those points. So I hope our politicians will ﬁgure out how to get in a room, compromise, and get something done. Michael Leskinen United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Robby, to your question of an act of God, I think we calibrated the range of earnings per share for Q4 with government shutdown in mind. It's one act of God, not two acts of God, but we've got reasonable room there for. For continued government shutdown, but it's not inﬁnite. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Owinsky with Barclays. Please go ahead. Brandon Oglenski Barclays Services Corp - Analyst Hey, good morning, everyone, and I think I'm going to ask like a nerdy and geeky question of Andrew here. But speaking of brand loyal airlines versus commoditized low cost carriers, I think from our perception the booking window might actually be shorter at the lower end of the market, especially for like a Spirit right now. So I guess, can you talk to, we're going to see another big chunk of capacity come out of the low end of the market here that's disclosed by them in their reorganization plan. How's that going to impact dynamics competitively, especially as we go through the 4th quarter here? I

Page 22 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 don't mean to make this a near term question, but I guess any insights you can provide would be helpful. Andrew Nocella United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Sure, I'll give it a TRY . Clearly future schedules have been recently loaded that are materially different than past schedules, and unproﬁtable capacity is leaving the system. Certain airlines deﬁnitely have a very close in booking curve based on, pricing and how they price relative to others, I suppose is the macro level thing I would say. And their booking curves are different than United's Booking curve because we have a full range of customers and products and ﬂying all over the world. What it means for the future, look, as more and more unproﬁtable capacity comes out, we'll continue to continue to adjust, but I'll tell you basic economy is an entry point. There's always going to be ultra low cost carriers in the marketplace and may have different names over over time, and we will always be competitive with them. Well, the one thing we do think is going to change is the unproﬁtable ﬂying is going to be diminishing because it just doesn't make sense in the long run, whether it be reunited or any other carrier, we're going to make adjustments to Q3 as I. Reiterated earlier, and others will have to and are being forced to make adjustments. So it's a really great setup as that unproﬁtable capacity and that commoditized capacity leaves the system and supply and demand rebalance, it's a great outlook. Operator We will now switch to the media portion of the call. If you'd like to ask a question, please press star then one on your telephone keypad. Please limit yourself to one question. Please hold for a moment while we assemble our queue. Our ﬁrst question will come from the line of Noroj Chotsky with The New York Times. Please go ahead. Niraj Chokshi The New York Times - Analyst Hey, thank you. I was just curious, you guys have talked about how, premium demand will, be resilient in the downturn. Can you just kind of talk through a little bit more about, how that is, why that, why you believe that? J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Sure, actually, I call it brand loyal demand instead of premium demand to start with, because many of our brand loyal customers are ﬂying in economy. They sometimes ﬂy upfront as well, but they often are ﬂying in economy and. And that demand has been resilient. I think it is resilient. There are people that, one, in many cases do have the incomes to continue traveling. Travel is high on the list of what people want to do, and most of those people do. My are business travelers that are ﬂying for business, and because you have a higher share there, that's what really makes that resilient.

Page 23 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 If demand kind of bleeds off on the lower end, when there's economic stress, there's more seats available on United Airlines for those brand loyal customers. And so it's, it makes it resilient. You can see that, in our results this year, I think. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Rajesh Singh with Reuters. Please go ahead. Unidentiﬁed Participant Hi, thanks for taking my question, Scott. I have a question on Russian overﬂights. United said this week that restrictions on ﬂying over Russia means you are effectively barred from ﬂying directly to China, from Chicago, Washington, or New York. And United has called for expanding the proposed ban on Russian ﬂights to include Hong Kong. Should this ban be included to other countries to bar their airlines from using Russian airspace for ﬂights to the US? And the second part of my question is that how much of a competitive disadvantage is it for US airlines compared with other non-US carriers that are currently using the aerospace? J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director Well, I'm going to focus on China, and I absolutely think this is just a matter of basic fairness. The Russian government does not allow US airlines to ﬂy over Russia. And we are competing with Chinese airlines that are allowed to, by the way, a country that is supporting Russia in the Ukrainian war. And, perfect example is we used to ﬂy from New York to Hong Kong. And we cannot do it now. And we're competing with a Chinese airline that is allowed to ﬂy from New York to Hong Kong, and that just isn't right, that isn't fair. And all we want is a level playing ﬁeld and I absolutely think we should get it. And I really appreciate that this administration is looking at the issue and focusing on the issue and it started, they started with Beijing and Shanghai. And I hope they will continue the logical efforts and include, the other large Chinese city, Hong Kong, in those efforts. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Please go ahead. Leslie Josephs CNBC - Media Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. With the shutdown, is there a certain point that you think the airline could, start feeling some of the impact? We heard from another airline that maybe if it went on for 10 days, longer, which we're kind of in that territory now, that things could get a little bit more difﬁcult, if there, any. Sort of cut off, that you see there. And then second, there are a lot of other airlines, large and small, that are trying to go premium now. How successful do you think that can be and how long do you think it takes to, I guess to go upscale, in certain products?

Page 24 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 J. Scott Kirby United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director So on the ﬁrst question, the answer is we don't know. It was a little unprecedented, or at least it doesn't happen often, so you don't really know. So I think that, at least for the ﬁrst couple of weeks, people thought it was going to get resolved, so they just kind of continued business as usual. But as time goes on, as people read headlines and say it's not going to get resolved soon. People start to lose conﬁdence in the government and the government's ability to resolve this, and that's when it starts to impacts. So I don't know when that happens. It's not some magic step function, but every day that goes by, the risk to the US economy grows. So I hope we will avoid an unforced error here. And the second question on other airlines. Look, we've been doing the investment in the customer for a decade. It is a bill it is billions of dollars of CapEx and OpEx. There's two ways that you can get. Market, that you can get revenue improvements from the kinds of premium investments that people are making. One, you get your own customer base to buy up to those products. 2, you can get market share shift. The other airlines, I think, will have some success in getting their own customers to pay more for some of their products, but the biggest upside is getting market share shift, and you're not going to get market share shift away from an airline that's been investing for a decade. Like, another airline getting a little bit better than they are today, isn't going to come nowhere close to what United is, and a brand loyal customers not going to say all of a sudden, airline. X, closed one of 100 points of GAAP between United and them, so I'm going to switch my loyalty. They're going to stick with United. So I think they might have upside in their own customer base, but there's really not much upside in the market share shift part of it. Operator And I will now turn the call back over to Christina Edwards for closing comments. Kristina Edwards United Airlines Holdings Inc - IR Contact Ofﬁcer Thanks, Regina. Thanks for ﬂying with us this season. We'll see you again next quarter. Please contact Investor in Media Relations if you have any further questions. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Call Participants Corporate Participants Kristina Edwards, United Airlines Holdings Inc - IR Contact Ofﬁcer J. Scott Kirby, United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Director

Page 25 of 25https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/UAL/transcripts/3147003 Brett Hart, United Airlines Holdings Inc - President Andrew Nocella, United Airlines Holdings Inc - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Ofﬁcer Michael Leskinen, United Airlines Holdings Inc - Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Executive Vice President Conference Call Participants Catherine O'Brien, Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Analyst Jamie Baker, JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst Andrew Didora, BofA Securities, Inc - Analyst Sheila Kahyaoglu, Jefferies LLC - Analyst Duane Pfennigwerth, Evercore Inc - Analyst Connor Cunningham, Melius Research LLC - Analyst Scott Group, Wolfe Research LLC - Analyst Tom Wadewitz, UBS Securities LLC - Analyst Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank AG - Analyst Ravi Shanker, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC - Analyst Brandon Oglenski, Barclays Services Corp - Analyst Niraj Chokshi, The New York Times - Analyst Leslie Josephs, CNBC - Media Reﬁnitiv StreetEvents Transcript Q3 2025 United Airlines Holdings Inc Earnings Call Oct 16, 2025 / 02:30PM GMT

=== EARNINGS DOCUMENT ===

Exhibit 99.1 News Release

United Airlines Worldwide Media Relations 872.825.8640 media.relations@united.com

United Airlines Continues to Win Brand-Loyal Customers as Q3 Profit and Q4 Outlook Both Exceed Wall Street Expectations

Q3 diluted earnings per share of $2.90; Q3 adjusted diluted earnings per share1 of $2.78, above the top end of guidance; Q4 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance of $3.00 to $3.502

Customer investments this year are on track to total over $1 billion focused on improving the experience, product and service, delivering more value for every customer on every flight, and United expects to invest over $1 billion more in 2026

Growing base of brand-loyal customers boosted resilience through macro volatility during the first three quarters of the year and is poised to fuel a strong Q4 as the demand environment strengthens with an expected meaningful improvement in unit revenue year-over-year compared to Q3

Operational excellence continues to lay a solid foundation for the overall business as United flew its largest summer mainline schedule ever in 2025 and had its lowest third-quarter cancel rate in its history3

CHICAGO, October 15, 2025 – United Airlines (UAL) today reported a third-quarter profit ahead of Wall Street expectations. The company had third-quarter pre-tax earnings of $1.3 billion, with a pre-tax margin of 8.2% and adjusted pre-tax earnings1 of $1.2 billion, with an adjusted pre-tax margin1 of 8.0%. The company also achieved diluted earnings per share of $2.90 and adjusted diluted earnings per share1 of $2.78, compared to guidance of $2.25 to $2.75. Total operating revenue grew 2.6% year-over year to $15.2 billion. These financial results show how the airline has thrived in an economically volatile year thanks to brandloyal customers who choose to fly United because of the value in the United experience. United continued to benefit from diverse revenue sources during the quarter. In the third quarter, premium cabin revenue rose 6% year-over-year; revenue from Basic Economy rose 4% year-over-year; cargo revenue rose 3% year-over-year and loyalty revenue rose 9% year-over-year. This great momentum has continued so far in the fourth quarter and we expect the fourth quarter of 2025 to have the highest total operating revenue for a single quarter in company history. “We’ve invested in customers at every price point: Seatback screens, an industry-leading mobile app, extra legroom, a lie-flat United Polaris seat, and fast, free, reliable Starlink on every plane by 2027. Our customers value

1 For additional information about the non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release, see "Non-GAAP Financial Information" below. 2 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes operating and non-operating special charges and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net and income tax benefit on adjustments, net. We are not providing a target for or a reconciliation to diluted earnings per share, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, because we are unable to predict the excluded items noted above contained in the GAAP measure without unreasonable efforts, and therefore we also are not able to determine the probable significance of such items. For additional information about United's adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance, please refer to the Investor Update issued in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement. 3 Excluding years impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic – 2020 and 2021.

United Airlines Announces Third-Quarter 2025 Results the United experience, making them increasingly loyal to United,” CEO Scott Kirby said. “Those investments over almost a decade, combined with great service from our people, have allowed United to win and retain brand-loyal customers, leading to economic resilience even with macro economic volatility through the first three quarters of the year and significant upside as the economy and demand are improving in the fourth quarter.” United continues to make significant investments in winning brand-loyal customers, including more than $1 billion planned on enhancements including Starlink installations, seatback screens, and 25% more on food. Over half of the United narrowbody fleet now has its signature interior and seatback screens, leading to a 15-point increase in customer satisfaction with the inflight entertainment system since third quarter 2022. United plans to invest an additional $1 billion in the customer experience in 2026. United’s reliable operation is also benefiting customers and building brand loyalty. United had its highest third-quarter completion factor3, carried more than 48 million customers, the most-ever during a quarter, and flew its largest daily mainline schedule with 2,940 daily flights carrying more than 427,000 passengers a day. Six of United’s seven hubs ranked first or second for on-time departures. Reliability continues to be a focus — customers who arrive on time are more than three times as likely to recommend United as compared to customers whose flights are delayed. United’s network strength is another reason it is winning customer preference. Last week it announced summer 2026 flights to Split, Croatia; Glasgow, Scotland; Santiago de Compostela, Spain; and Bari, Italy, while also bringing back all six new Atlantic destinations from its summer 2025 international expansion. United is the largest carrier across the Atlantic, with service to 46 cities planned for 2026. “Customers are increasingly choosing an airline that can deliver value for them across the full travel experience, from Basic Economy to United Polaris,” Kirby said. “We are well-positioned to be the airline those brand-loyal customers choose to fly them across the U.S. and around the world.”

Third-Quarter Financial Results • Capacity up 7.2% compared to third-quarter 2024. • Total operating revenue of $15.2 billion, up 2.6% compared to third-quarter 2024. • TRASM down (4.3%) compared to third-quarter 2024. • CASM down (2.8%), and CASM-ex1 down (0.9%), compared to third-quarter 2024; 1 point of expense moved from third-quarter 2025 to fourth-quarter 2025 primarily driven by maintenance and a reduction of 1 point of labor expense due to the timing of certain union contracts. • Pre-tax earnings of $1.3 billion, with a pre-tax margin of 8.2%; adjusted pre-tax earnings1 of $1.2 billion, with an adjusted pre-tax margin1 of 8.0%. • Net income of $0.9 billion; adjusted net income1 of $0.9 billion. • Diluted earnings per share of $2.90; adjusted diluted earnings per share1 of $2.78. • Average fuel price per gallon of $2.43. • Ending available liquidity4 of $16.3 billion. • Total debt, finance lease obligations and other financial liabilities of $25.4 billion at quarter end. • Prepaid the remaining $1.5 billion balance of the MileagePlus bonds, resulting in full repayment of all debt secured by the MileagePlus business. • Trailing twelve months net leverage5 of 2.1x. • Repurchased $19 million of shares in the third quarter 2025, and have repurchased approximately $612 million of shares year-to-date as of September 30, 2025. Key Highlights • Operated the largest daily mainline schedule flown in a quarter, carrying over 48 million customers, a daily average of 427,000 mainline customers on 2,940 daily mainline flights. This included flying the largest international schedule in United’s history, with more than 400 roundtrips per day to a total of 142 destinations. • Launched a collaboration with Apple TV, bringing the streaming service's most popular series to customers for free on 130,000+ seatback screens. • United has updated more than half of its narrowbody fleet with its signature interior and seatback screens, leading to a 15-point increase in customer satisfaction with the inflight entertainment system since third quarter 2022. • Achieved the highest customer satisfaction rate for a third quarter since 2022 across key customer experience drivers, having invested $85 million in the food and beverage program with another $45 million allotted next year.

4 Includes cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and undrawn credit facilities. 5 Effective January 1, 2025, we define Adjusted EBITDAR, which is included in the calculation of net leverage on a trailing twelve month basis, to include an additional adjustment for the fixed portion of operating lease expense, instead of solely aircraft rent as was the case historically. For additional information about the non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release, including net leverage and Adjusted EBITDAR, see "Non-GAAP Financial Information" below.

• Announced the airline will resume flights to Tel Aviv from Chicago O’Hare and Washington Dulles for the first time since 2023, with flights scheduled to begin in early November. • Received FAA certification on the airline’s first mainline Starlink-equipped aircraft, operating the first Starlink-equipped commercial flight earlier today. Access to Starlink will be free for all MileagePlus customers and includes game-changing inflight entertainment experiences like streaming services, shopping, gaming and more. Membership to MileagePlus is also free and people can sign-up now at united.com/starlink. Customer Experience • Connection Saver saved 290,000 potential missed customer connections, the highest for a third quarter in the company's history. • United launched TSA PreCheck Touchless ID at its Denver and Newark hubs, bringing a more seamless customer experience to 12 airports total. • With a $9 million investment in digital check-in and curbside processes over the last year, nearly half of passengers flown in the quarter bypassed the lobby for a more efficient travel experience, with 85% of customers using digital check-in and the airline achieving the highest ever curbside utilization for a quarter. • Opened the airline’s fourth United Club location at its Denver hub, a two-story, 33,000 square-foot space for customers to relax and recharge during the travel journey. • Announced the opening of the United Globe Club at Capital One Arena this fall in collaboration with Monumental Sports and Entertainment, a 24,000 square-foot lounge that offers spectators a VIP experience. Operations • United’s Newark hub achieved its best operational performance for a summer in the airline’s history3, and the FAA finalized its order capping flight operations to 72 operations per hour through October of 2026. • Began operating out of four additional gates at Chicago O’Hare in October, with a fifth gate expected to begin operating later in October. The gates were assigned to United by the City of Chicago and Chicago Department of Aviation’s redetermination process which is based on operations at the airport. • Achieved the airline’s highest third-quarter completion rate in company history3. • United Express achieved 43 days with a 100% completion rate, setting a company record for the most days of perfect completion for the year to date at 923. • Broke ground on a new, state of the art catering facility at the airline’s Houston hub, that will use automated technology to streamline meal assembly and improve preparation time.

Network

• Announced additional flights to 15 U.S. cities in United’s winter schedule, including two new routes from Newark to Columbia, South Carolina and Chattanooga, Tennessee and increased daily flying to popular warm-weather destinations like Orlando, Florida; Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and Las Vegas, Nevada. • United expanded both its international and domestic networks, including Denver to Columbia, Missouri; Watertown, South Dakota; and Pierre, South Dakota; Chicago to Columbia, Missouri and Lafayette, Indiana; and Tokyo-Narita to Kaohsiung. • Added 24 nonstop flights to fly college football fans to games this fall. • Announced the launch of a codeshare program with ITA Airways, giving customers access to booking oneway tickets to more Italian destinations. Employees, Communities and Investments • In the company’s fifth annual September of Service, United partnered with Rise Against Hunger to host more than 20 meal packaging events throughout the system, with more than 3,500 employees volunteering over 11,000 hours throughout the month to package more than 497,000 meals. • United supported the transport of over 117 responders to recovery efforts at 11 disaster relief events in partnership with Airlink, transporting over 221,000 pounds of cargo in support of 25 non-profit organizations to aid over 644,000 around the world. In total, United transported the most cargo for a third quarter in company history, at 9.5 million pounds of medical shipments and 262,000 pounds of military shipments. • Committed $250,000 in funding to 24 schools impacted by California wildfires earlier this year. • Hosted 18 events in honor of Girls in Aviation Day to educate young girls on future possibilities in aviation. • Strengthened United’s early career pipeline, launching a Campus Ambassador Program at select universities this fall to recruit future talent. • United Airlines Ventures announced its investment in supersonic aircraft startup Astro Mechanica. Awards • United was recognized as a leading employer in Newsweek’s 2026 list of America’s Most Admired Workplaces, America’s Greatest Workplaces for Parents and Families and America’s Greatest Companies, and Forbes’ 2025 list of Best Employers for Women. • Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby received APEX International’s Lifetime Achievement award for his continued leadership in reimagining the customer journey. • United Chief Financial Officer Mike Leskinen was named a Notable Leader in Finance by Crain’s Chicago Business for his strategic foresight and transformative impact on the industry.

Earnings Call UAL will hold a conference call to discuss third-quarter 2025 financial results, as well as its financial and operational outlook for the fourth-quarter 2025 and beyond, on Thursday, October 16, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. CST/10:30 a.m. EST. A live, listen-only webcast of the conference call will be available at ir.united.com. The webcast will be available for replay within 24 hours of the conference call and then archived on the website. Outlook This press release should be read in conjunction with the company's Investor Update issued in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement, which provides additional information on the company's business outlook (including certain financial and operational guidance) and is furnished with this press release to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Investor Update is also available at ir.united.com. Management will also discuss certain business outlook items, including providing certain fourth quarter and full year 2025 financial targets, during the quarterly earnings conference call.

The company's business outlook is subject to risks and uncertainties applicable to all forward-looking statements as described elsewhere in this press release. Please see the section entitled "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements."

About United At United, Good Leads The Way. With hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C., United operates the most comprehensive global route network among North American carriers, and is now the largest airline in the world. For more about how to join the United team, please visit www.united.com/careers and more information about the company is at www.united.com. United Airlines Holdings, Inc., the parent company of United Airlines, Inc., is traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol "UAL".

Website and Social Media Information We routinely post important news and information regarding United on our corporate website, www.united.com, and our investor relations website, ir.united.com. We use our investor relations website as a primary channel for disclosing key information to our investors, including the timing of future investor conferences and earnings calls, press releases and other information about financial performance (including financial guidance), reports filed or furnished with the U.S. Securities a nd Exchange Commission, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of shareholders. We may use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information (including financial guidance) and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in the company to visit this website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. We may also use social media channels to communicate with our investors and the public about our company and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. Our executive officers may also use certain social media channels, such as X and LinkedIn, to communicate information about earnings results and company updates, which may be of interest to our investors or could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website or social media channels are not incorporated by reference into, and are not a part of, this document.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This press release and the related attachments and Investor Update (as well as the oral statements made with respect to information contained in this release and the attachments) contain certain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to, among other things, goals, plans and projections regarding the company's financial position, results of operations, capital allocation and investments, market position, airline capacity, fleet plan strategy, fares, announced routes (which may be subject to government approval), booking trends, product development, corporate citizenship-related strategy initiatives and business strategy. Such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, known or unknown, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the company's control and could cause the company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. Words such as "should," "could," "would," "will," "may," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "indicates," "remains," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals," "targets," "pledge," "confident," "optimistic," "dedicated," "positioned," "on track", "path" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all

forward-looking statements contain such terms. All statements, other than those that relate solely to historical facts, are forward-looking statements.

Additionally, forward-looking statements include conditional statements and statements that identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of known trends or uncertainties, or that indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. All forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to us on the date of this release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forwardlooking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation.

Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: execution risks associated with our strategic operating plan; changes in our fleet and network strategy or other factors outside our control resulting in less economic aircraft orders, costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or entry into aircraft orders on less favorable terms, as well as any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into our fleet as planned, including as a result of any mandatory groundings of aircraft; any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated benefits and returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions, or related exposures to unknown liabilities or other issues or underperformance as compared to our expectations; adverse publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, harm to our brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving us, our regional carriers, our codeshare partners or another airline; the highly competitive nature of the global airline industry and susceptibility of the industry to price discounting and changes in capacity, including as a result of alliances, joint business arrangements or other consolidations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to source a majority of our aircraft, engines and certain parts, and the impact of any failure to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers; disruptions to our regional network and United Express flights provided by third-party regional carriers; unfavorable economic and political conditions in the United States and globally; reliance on third-party service providers and the impact of any significant failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in our relationships with these providers or their provision of services; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports (including as a result of government shutdowns); geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events (including the suspension of our overflying in Russian airspace as a result of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and interruptions of our flying as a result of the military conflicts in the Middle East, as well as any escalation of the broader economic consequences of any conflicts beyond their current scope or a delay in any planned resumption of service to area impacted by conflict); any damage to our reputation or brand image; our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business and the impact of any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems; increasing privacy, data security and cybersecurity obligations or a significant data breach; increased use of social media platforms by us, our employees and others; the impacts of union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or regulatory compliance costs on our operations or financial performance; any failure to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees; the monetary and operational costs of compliance with extensive government regulation of the airline industry; current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions; costs, liabilities and risks associated with environmental regulation and climate change; high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel; the impacts of our significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and the impacts of insufficient liquidity on our financial condition and business; failure to comply with financial and other covenants governing our debt; limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our failure to realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the impacts of seasonality, and other factors associated with the airline industry; increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage; risks relating to our repurchase program for shares of common stock and certain warrants exercisable for common stock; and other risks and uncertainties set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and under "Economic and Market Factors" and "Governmental Actions" in Part I, Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Non-GAAP Financial Information: In discussing financial results and guidance, the company refers to financial measures that are not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). The non-GAAP financial measures are provided as supplemental information to the financial measures presented in this press release that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and are presented because management believes that they supplement or enhance management's, analysts' and investors' overall understanding of the company's underlying financial performance and trends and facilitate comparisons

among current, past and future periods. Non-GAAP financial measures typically have exclusions or adjustments that include one or more of the following characteristics, such as being highly variable, difficult to project, unusual in nature, significant to the results of a particular period or not indicative of past or future operating results. These items are excluded because the company believes they neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance.

Because the non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP , they should not be considered superior to and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures presented in the press release and may not be the same as or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The company does not provide a reconciliation of forward-looking measures where the company believes such a reconciliation would imply a degree of precision and certainty that could be confusing to investors and is unable to reasonably predict certain items contained in the GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts. This is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing or amount of various items that have not yet occurred and are out of the company's control or cannot be reasonably predicted. For the same reasons, the company is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information. Forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures provided without the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures may vary materially from the corresponding GAAP financial measures.

Please refer to the tables accompanying this release for a description of the non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations of the historical non-GAAP financial measures used to the most comparable GAAP financial measure and related disclosures.

Change in Presentation: In the first quarter of 2025, the Company changed its rounding presentation to the nearest whole number in millions of reported amounts, except per share data or as otherwise designated. As such, certain columns and rows within the financial statements and tables presented may not sum due to rounding. Per unit amounts have been calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts. This change is not material and does not impact the comparability of our condensed consolidated financial statements.

-tables attached-

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

Three Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

Nine Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease) (In millions, except for percentage changes and per share data) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Operating revenue: Passenger revenue $ 13,815 $ 13,561 1.9 $ 39,512 $ 38,554 2.5 Cargo revenue 431 417 3.2 1,290 1,222 5.5 Other operating revenue 979 865 13.2 2,872 2,592 10.8 Total operating revenue 15,225 14,843 2.6 43,673 42,368 3.1

Operating expense: Salaries and related costs 4,555 4,323 5.4 13,123 12,353 6.2 Aircraft fuel 2,997 2,993 0.1 8,473 9,080 (6.7) Landing fees and other rent 1,002 866 15.7 2,836 2,536 11.8 Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 779 765 1.8 2,374 2,254 5.3 Depreciation and amortization 730 742 (1.6) 2,191 2,169 1.0 Regional capacity purchase 686 651 5.3 2,012 1,848 8.9 Distribution expenses 555 574 (3.3) 1,538 1,680 (8.4) Aircraft rent 54 65 (16.7) 172 148 16.4 Special charges (credits) (73) (5) NM 266 44 NM Other operating expenses 2,546 2,304 10.5 7,359 6,663 10.4 Total operating expense 13,830 13,278 4.2 40,345 38,775 4.1

Operating income 1,395 1,565 (10.8) 3,328 3,593 (7.4)

Nonoperating income (expense): Interest expense (331) (379) (12.6) (1,048) (1,260) (16.8) Interest income 142 187 (23.9) 473 554 (14.6) Interest capitalized 53 53 0.2 152 174 (12.9) Unrealized losses on investments, net (13) (90) NM (8) (160) NM Miscellaneous, net 9 (50) NM 86 (40) NM Total nonoperating expense, net (141) (279) (49.6) (346) (732) (52.7)

Income before income taxes 1,255 1,286 (2.4) 2,981 2,861 4.2

Income tax expense 306 321 (4.7) 672 697 (3.6) Net income $ 949 $ 965 (1.7) $ 2,309 $ 2,164 6.7

Earnings per share, diluted $ 2.90 $ 2.90 — $ 7.02 $ 6.49 8.2 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 326.9 332.7 (1.7) 329.0 333.3 (1.3) NM-Greater than 100% change or otherwise not meaningful. `

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. PASSENGER REVENUE INFORMATION AND STATISTICS (UNAUDITED)

Information is as follows (in millions, except for percentage changes):

3Q 2025 Passenger Revenue Passenger Revenue vs. 3Q 2024 Passenger Revenue per Available Seat Mile ("PRASM") vs. 3Q 2024 Yield vs. 3Q 2024 Available Seat Miles ("ASMs") vs. 3Q 2024 3Q 2025 ASMs 3Q 2025 Revenue Passenger Miles ("RPMs") Domestic $ 8,099 3.1% (3.3%) (2.2%) 6.6% 46,648 39,815

Europe 2,933 (1.3%) (7.3%) (6.0%) 6.5% 19,063 16,238 Middle East/India/Africa 347 30.8% 6.1% 4.5% 23.3% 2,285 1,954 Atlantic 3,280 1.3% (6.2%) (5.2%) 8.0% 21,348 18,192 Pacific 1,359 1.8% (3.9%) (5.1%) 5.9% 11,079 8,684 Latin America 1,078 (4.8%) (13.5%) (10.7%) 10.1% 8,342 7,079 International 5,717 0.2% (7.1%) (6.3%) 7.9% 40,769 33,954

Consolidated $ 13,815 1.9% (5.0%) (4.0%) 7.2% 87,417 73,769 Select operating statistics are as follows:

Three Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

Nine Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

2025 2024 2025 2024 Passengers (thousands) (a) 48,382 45,559 6.2 135,374 129,259 4.7 RPMs (millions) (b) 73,769 69,549 6.1 203,374 194,040 4.8 ASMs (millions) (c) 87,417 81,541 7.2 246,919 232,887 6.0 Passenger load factor: (d) Consolidated 84.4 % 85.3 % (0.9) pts. 82.4 % 83.3 % (0.9) pts. Domestic 85.4 % 86.4 % (1.0) pt. 83.3 % 85.5 % (2.2) pts. International 83.3 % 84.0 % (0.7) pts. 81.2 % 80.8 % 0.4 pts. PRASM (cents) 15.80 16.63 (5.0) 16.00 16.55 (3.3) Total revenue per available seat mile ("TRASM") (cents) 17.42 18.20 (4.3) 17.69 18.19 (2.8) Average yield per RPM (cents) (e) 18.73 19.50 (4.0) 19.43 19.87 (2.2) Cargo revenue ton miles (millions) (f) 890 881 1.0 2,663 2,623 1.5 Aircraft in fleet at end of period 1,486 1,381 7.6 1,486 1,381 7.6 Average stage length (miles) (g) 1,509 1,510 (0.1) 1,491 1,503 (0.8) Employee headcount, as of September 30 (thousands) 111.9 106.5 5.1 111.9 106.5 5.1 Cost per ASM ("CASM") (cents) 15.82 16.28 (2.8) 16.34 16.65 (1.9) CASM-ex (cents) (h) 12.15 12.26 (0.9) 12.53 12.47 0.5 Average aircraft fuel price per gallon $ 2.43 $ 2.56 (5.1) $ 2.43 $ 2.73 (11.0) Fuel gallons consumed (millions) 1,233 1,170 5.4 3,488 3,329 4.8 (a) The number of revenue passengers measured by each flight segment flown. (b) The number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers. (c) The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown. (d) RPMs divided by ASMs. (e) The average passenger revenue received for each RPM flown. (f) The number of cargo revenue tons transported multiplied by the number of miles flown. (g) Average distance a flight travels weighted for size of aircraft. (h) CASM-ex is CASM less the impact of fuel expense, profit sharing, special charges and third-party business expenses. See NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION for a reconciliation of CASM-ex to CASM, the most comparable GAAP measure.

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 1 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION UAL evaluates its financial performance utilizing various accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures are provided as supplemental information to the financial measures presented in this press release that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and are presented because management believes that they supplement or enhance management's, analysts' and investors' overall understanding of the company's underlying financial performance and trends and facilitate comparisons among current, past and future periods. Because the non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP , they should not be considered superior to and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures presented in the press release and may not be the same as or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The information below provides an explanation of certain adjustments reflected in the non-GAAP financial measures and shows a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures reported in this press release to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Within the financial tables presented, certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages, ratios and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. CASM-ex: CASM is a common metric used in the airline industry to measure an airline's cost structure and efficiency. UAL reports CASM excluding special charges, third-party business expenses, fuel expense, and profit sharing. UAL believes that adjusting for special charges is useful to investors because those items are not indicative of UAL's ongoing performance. UAL also believes that excluding third-party business expenses, such as maintenance, flight academy, ground handling and catering services for third parties, provides more meaningful disclosure because these expenses are not directly related to UAL's core business. UAL also believes that excluding fuel expense from certain measures is useful to investors because it provides an additional measure of management's performance excluding the effects of a significant cost item over which management has limited influence. UAL excludes profit sharing because it believes that this exclusion allows investors to better understand and analyze UAL's operating cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR: We calculate Adjusted EBITDA by adding interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to net income and adjusting for special charges, nonoperating unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net and nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees. UAL believes that adjusting for these items is useful to investors because they are not indicative of UAL's ongoing performance. Effective January 1, 2025, Adjusted EBITDA is further adjusted by the fixed portion of operating lease expense, instead of solely aircraft rent as was the case historically, to calculate Adjusted EBITDAR. We believe this change provides investors with enhanced comparability to peers and better reflects our performance. The change in EBITDAR calculation methodology does not represent a change in management's expectations. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. Adjusted Capital Expenditures: UAL believes that adjusting capital expenditures for assets acquired through the issuance or modification of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities is useful to investors in order to appropriately reflect the total amounts spent on capital expenditures. Free Cash Flow: Effective January 1, 2025, we define free cash flow as the sum of net cash from operating activities and net cash from investing activities, adjusted for the net change in short-term investments and the net change in restricted cash. We believe adjusting for short-term investments and restricted cash activity provides investors a better understanding of the company's free cash flow generated by our core operations. The change in free cash flow calculation methodology does not represent a change in management's expectations. We believe this change provides investors with enhanced comparability to peers and better reflects our performance. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. Free Cash Conversion: Free cash conversion is a non-GAAP financial measure that is equal to free cash flow divided by adjusted net income. UAL provides free cash conversion because it provides a better understanding of the company's free cash flow generated by our core operations relative to our profitability. We are not providing a target for or a reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities or net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measures, because we are unable to predict the excluded items contained in the GAAP measure without unreasonable efforts, and therefore we also are not able to determine the probable significance of such items. Adjusted Total Debt and Adjusted Net Debt: Adjusted total debt is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes current and long-term debt, finance lease obligations and other financial liabilities, current and noncurrent operating lease obligations and noncurrent pension and postretirement obligations. Adjusted net debt is adjusted total debt minus cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. UAL provides adjusted total debt and adjusted net debt because we believe these measures provide useful supplemental information for assessing the company's debt and debt-like obligation profile. Net Leverage: Net leverage is a non-GAAP financial measure that is equal to adjusted net debt divided by trailing twelve month Adjusted EBITDAR. UAL provides net leverage because we believe it provides useful supplemental information for assessing the company's debt level. See the above descriptions of Adjusted Net Debt and Adjusted EBITDAR.

Three Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

Nine Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease) CASM-ex (in cents, except for percentage changes) 2025 2024 2025 2024 CASM (GAAP) 15.82 16.28 (2.8) 16.34 16.65 (1.9) Fuel expense 3.43 3.68 (6.8) 3.43 3.90 (12.0) Profit sharing 0.26 0.28 (6.8) 0.19 0.18 3.4 Third-party business expenses 0.07 0.07 (3.5) 0.08 0.08 1.1 Special charges (0.08) (0.01) NM 0.11 0.02 NM CASM-ex (Non-GAAP) 12.15 12.26 (0.9) 12.53 12.47 0.5

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Twelve Months Ended September 30, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR (in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net income (GAAP) $ 949 $ 965 $ 2,309 $ 2,164 $ 3,295 $ 2,764 Adjusted for: Depreciation and amortization 730 742 2,191 2,169 2,950 2,853 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest and interest income 136 139 424 532 569 755 Income tax expense 306 321 672 697 994 868 Special charges (credits) (73) (5) 266 44 335 91 Nonoperating unrealized losses on investments, net 13 90 8 160 47 187 Nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees 20 75 20 110 39 110 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) $ 2,081 $ 2,327 $ 5,890 $ 5,876 $ 8,229 $ 7,628 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 13.7 % 15.7 % 13.5 % 13.9 % 14.1 % 13.6 %

Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) $ 2,081 $ 2,327 $ 5,890 $ 5,876 $ 8,229 $ 7,628 Fixed portion of operating lease expense 221 232 654 644 866 873 Adjusted EBITDAR (non-GAAP) (a) $ 2,302 $ 2,559 $ 6,545 $ 6,520 $ 9,095 $ 8,501 (a) The prior period has been recast to conform to current period presentation.

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Adjusted Capital Expenditures (in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns (GAAP) $ 1,464 $ 1,410 $ 3,984 $ 3,940 Property and equipment acquired through the issuance or modification of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities — (52) (156) Operating leases converted to finance leases 417 52 417 96 Adjusted capital expenditures (Non-GAAP) $ 1,881 $ 1,510 $ 4,349 $ 3,880

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Twelve Months Ended September 30, Free Cash Flow (in millions) (a) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP) $ 1,218 $ 1,498 $ 7,145 $ 7,221 $ 9,370 $ 6,311 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (GAAP) (1,743) (2,511) (4,785) (936) (6,500) (1,679) Adjusted for: Net change in short-term investments 337 968 893 (2,977) 1,247 (4,255) Net change in restricted cash 35 35 36 61 74 416 Free cash flow (Non-GAAP) $ (153) $ (10) $ 3,289 $ 3,369 $ 4,191 $ 793 (a) The prior period has been recast to conform to current period presentation.

September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Adjusted Total Debt, Adjusted Net Debt and Net Leverage (in millions) 2025 2024 Debt, finance lease obligations and other financial liabilities - current and noncurrent (GAAP) $ 25,428 $ 28,436 $ (3,008) Operating lease obligations - current and noncurrent 5,894 4,923 971 Pension and postretirement liabilities - noncurrent 974 1,624 (650) Adjusted total debt (Non-GAAP) $ 32,296 $ 34,983 (2,687) Less: Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,730 $ 8,812 (2,082) Short-term investments 6,599 5,352 1,247 Adjusted net debt (Non-GAAP) $ 18,967 $ 20,819 (1,852) Net leverage (Non-GAAP) (a) 2.1 2.4 (0.3) pts. (a) The prior period has been recast to conform to current period presentation.

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

Three Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

Nine Months Ended September 30, % Increase/ (Decrease)

(in millions, except for percentage changes and per share data) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Operating expenses (GAAP) $ 13,830 $ 13,278 4.2 $ 40,345 $ 38,775 4.1 Special charges (credits) (73) (5) NM 266 44 NM Operating expenses, excluding special charges 13,903 13,283 4.7 40,079 38,731 3.5 Adjusted to exclude: Fuel expense 2,997 2,993 0.1 8,473 9,080 (6.7) Profit sharing 228 231 (1.2) 459 419 9.7 Third-party business expenses 59 61 (3.2) 200 183 9.1 Adjusted operating expenses (Non-GAAP) $ 10,619 $ 9,998 6.2 $ 30,947 $ 29,049 6.5

Operating income (GAAP) $ 1,395 $ 1,565 (10.8) $ 3,328 $ 3,593 (7.4) Special charges (credits) (73) (5) NM 266 44 NM Adjusted operating income (Non-GAAP) $ 1,322 $ 1,560 (15.2) $ 3,594 $ 3,637 (1.2) Operating margin 9.2 % 10.5 % (1.4) pts. 7.6 % 8.5 % (0.9) pts. Adjusted operating margin (Non-GAAP) 8.7 % 10.5 % (1.8) pts. 8.2 % 8.6 % (0.4) pts.

Pre-tax income (GAAP) $ 1,255 $ 1,286 (2.4) $ 2,981 $ 2,861 4.2 Adjusted to exclude: Special charges (credits) (73) (5) NM 266 44 NM Unrealized losses on investments, net 13 90 NM 8 160 NM Debt extinguishment and modification fees 20 75 NM 20 110 NM Adjusted pre-tax income (Non-GAAP) $ 1,215 $ 1,446 (16.0) $ 3,276 $ 3,175 3.2 Pre-tax margin (GAAP) 8.2 % 8.7 % (0.4) pts. 6.8 % 6.8 % — pts. Adjusted pre-tax margin (Non-GAAP) 8.0 % 9.7 % (1.8) pts. 7.5 % 7.5 % — pts.

Net income (GAAP) $ 949 $ 965 (1.7) $ 2,309 $ 2,164 6.7 Adjusted to exclude: Special charges (credits) (73) (5) NM 266 44 NM Unrealized losses on investments, net 13 90 NM 8 160 NM Debt extinguishment and modification fees 20 75 NM 20 110 NM Income tax benefit on adjustments, net — (15) NM (127) (34) NM Adjusted net income (Non-GAAP) $ 909 $ 1,110 (18.1) $ 2,477 $ 2,444 1.4

Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) $ 2.90 $ 2.90 — $ 7.02 $ 6.49 8.2 Adjusted to exclude: Special charges (credits) (0.22) (0.01) NM 0.81 0.13 NM Unrealized losses on investments, net 0.04 0.27 NM 0.03 0.48 NM Debt extinguishment and modification fees 0.06 0.22 NM 0.06 0.33 NM Income tax benefit on adjustments, net — (0.05) NM (0.39) (0.10) NM Adjusted diluted earnings per share (Non-GAAP) $ 2.78 $ 3.33 (16.5) $ 7.53 $ 7.33 2.7

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions) September 30, 2025 (UNAUDITED) December 31, 2024 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,730 $ 8,769 Short-term investments 6,599 5,706 Receivables, net 2,433 2,163 Aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies, net 1,588 1,572 Prepaid expenses and other 744 673 Total current assets 18,094 18,883 Operating property and equipment, net 44,968 42,908 Operating lease right-of-use assets 4,821 3,815 Goodwill 4,527 4,527 Intangible assets, net 2,662 2,683 Investments in affiliates and other, net 1,242 1,267 Total noncurrent assets 58,219 55,200 Total assets $ 76,313 $ 74,083 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable $ 4,636 $ 4,193 Accrued salaries and benefits 3,555 3,289 Advance ticket sales 9,338 7,561 Frequent flyer deferred revenue 3,642 3,403 Current maturities of long-term debt, finance leases, and other financial liabilities 4,621 3,453 Current maturities of operating leases 563 467 Other 763 948 Total current liabilities 27,119 23,314 Long-term debt, finance leases, and other financial liabilities 20,807 25,203 Long-term obligations under operating leases 5,331 4,510 Frequent flyer deferred revenue 4,060 4,038 Pension and postretirement benefit liability 974 1,233 Deferred income taxes 2,206 1,580 Other 1,508 1,530 Total noncurrent liabilities 34,886 38,094 Total stockholders' equity 14,309 12,675 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 76,313 $ 74,083

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Operating Activities: Net cash provided by operating activities $ 7,145 $ 7,221

Investing Activities: Capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns (3,984) (3,940) Purchases of short-term and other investments (6,454) (4,057) Proceeds from sale of short-term and other investments 5,654 7,206 Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 63 66 Other, net (64) (211) Net cash used in investing activities (4,785) (936)

Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt and other financial liabilities, net of discounts and fees 485 5,302 Payments of long-term debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities (4,196) (8,792) Repurchases of common stock (610) (82) Other, net (114) (19) Net cash used in financing activities (4,436) (3,591) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2,075) 2,694 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period 8,946 6,334 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period (a) $ 6,871 $ 9,028

Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: Right-of-use assets acquired or modified through operating leases $ 1,382 $ 395 Property and equipment acquired through the issuance or modification of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities (52) (156) Operating leases converted to finance leases 417 96 Investment interests received in exchange for loans, goods and services 16 19

(a) The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to amounts reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,730 $ 8,812 Restricted cash in Prepaid expenses and other — 36 Restricted cash in Investments in affiliates and other, net 141 180 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 6,871 $ 9,028

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES (UNAUDITED)

Special charges (credits) and unrealized losses on investments, net include the following:

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Operating: Labor contract ratification bonuses $ — $ — $ 561 $ — (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges (73) (5) (295) 44 Total operating special charges (credits) (73) (5) 266 44

Nonoperating: Nonoperating unrealized losses on investments, net 13 90 8 160 Nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees 20 75 20 110 Total nonoperating special charges and unrealized losses on investments, net 33 165 28 270 Total operating and nonoperating special charges (credits) and unrealized losses on investments, net (40) 160 295 314 Income tax benefit, net of valuation allowance — (15) (127) (34) Total operating and nonoperating special charges (credits) and unrealized losses on investments, net of income taxes $ (40) $ 145 $ 168 $ 280 Operating and nonoperating special charges (credits) and unrealized losses on investments included the following: During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, the company recorded $73 million and $295 million, respectively, of net gains on sale of assets and other special charges, which were primarily comprised of $75 million and $336 million, respectively, of gains on various aircraft sale-leaseback transactions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the company also recorded a $561 million special charge in connection with a labor contract ratification bonus for the company's employees represented by the Association of Flight Attendants. Effective tax rate: The company's effective tax rates were as follows:

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Effective tax rate 24.4 % 25.0 % 22.5 % 24.4 % The provision for income taxes is based on the estimated annual effective tax rate, which represents a blend of federal, state and foreign taxes and includes the impact of certain nondeductible items. The decrease in the effective tax rate in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to a release of valuation allowance related to realized capital gains. # # #

=== EARNINGS DOCUMENT ===

Exhibit 99.2

Investor Update1 Issue Date: October 15, 2025 This Investor Update provides guidance and certain other forward-looking statements about United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (the "Company"). The information in this Investor Update contains the preliminary financial outlook for the Company for fourth-quarter, among other items.

Estimated 4Q 2025 Adjusted diluted earnings per share2 $3.00 - $3.50

1 The guidance provided in this Investor Update reflects our current expectations and assumptions and our actual results and timing may vary materially based on various factors that include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in “Economic and Market Factors” and “Governmental Actions” in Part I, Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2025 as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The guidance is only effective as of the date given and should not be considered updated or affirmed unless and until we publicly announce updated or affirmed guidance. We undertake no obligation to update our guidance. Management will also discuss certain business outlook items during its regularly scheduled quarterly earnings conference call on October 16, 2025. This Investor Update should be read in conjunction with the Company's earnings release issued in connection with this Investor Update and its filings with the SEC. 2 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes operating and non-operating special charges, unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net and income tax benefit on adjustments, net. We are not providing a target for or a reconciliation to diluted earnings per share, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, because we are unable to predict the excluded items noted above contained in the GAAP measure without unreasonable efforts, and therefore we also are not able to determine the probable significance of such items.

Profit Sharing: Based on profit sharing plans in current labor agreements, the Company expects to accrue between $250 million and $300 million in the fourth quarter of 2025. The accrual is based on the sum of the methodology below.

• Approximately 3.8% of total adjusted pre-tax earnings up to a 6.9% adjusted pre-tax margin, plus approximately 3.7% of total adjusted pre-tax earnings above a 6.9% adjusted pre-tax margin. • Approximately 6.1% of total adjusted pre-tax earnings up to $2.5 billion adjusted pre-tax earnings, plus approximately 12.2% of total adjusted pre-tax earnings above $2.5 billion adjusted pre-tax earnings. • Approximately 2.8% for all adjusted pre-tax earnings above the prior year’s adjusted pre-tax earnings.

Profit sharing adjusted pre-tax earnings is calculated as GAAP pre-tax income (loss), excluding operating and non-operating special charges and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net, profit sharing expense and share-based compensation program expense. The Company estimates that share-based compensation expense for the purposes of the profit sharing adjusted pre-tax earnings calculation will be approximately $39 million for the fourth quarter of 2025.

Fleet Plan: As of October 15, 2025, the Company's fleet plan was as follows:

1Q 2025 2Q 2025 3Q 2025 YE 2025E B777-200/300 96 96 96 96 B787-8/9/10 76 78 79 83 B767-300/400 53 53 53 53 B757-200/300 61 61 61 61 B737 MAX 209 227 236 244 B737-700/800/900 329 329 329 329 A319/A320 159 157 153 140 A321neo/XLR 35 38 48 59 Total Mainline Aircraft 1,018 1,039 1,055 1,065

50-seat (ERJ145XR, CRJ550, CRJ200) 169 179 176 174 70/76-seat (E175, E170, CRJ700) 255 255 255 255 Total Regional Aircraft 424 434 431 429

Note: Above figures correspond with current expectations for future delivery dates, which are subject to change.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Investor Update contains certain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to, among other things, the Company’s anticipated financial results and guidance, profit sharing accruals and share-based compensation expense, and fleet plans. Such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the Company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, known or unknown, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the Company's control and could cause the Company's future financial results, goals, plans, commitments, strategies and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. Words such as "should," "could," "would," "will," "may," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "indicates," "remains," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals," "targets," "pledge," "confident," "optimistic," "dedicated," "positioned", "on track", “path” and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. All statements, other than those that relate solely to historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Additionally, forward-looking statements include conditional statements and statements that identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of known trends or uncertainties, or that indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. All forward-looking statements in this Investor Update are based upon information available to the Company on the date of this Investor Update. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: execution risks associated with our strategic operating plan; changes in our fleet and network strategy or other factors outside our control resulting in less economic aircraft orders, costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or entry into aircraft orders on less favorable terms, as well as any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into our fleet as planned, including as a result of any mandatory groundings of aircraft; any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated benefits and returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions, or related exposures to unknown liabilities or other issues or underperformance as compared to our expectations; adverse publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, harm to our brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving us, our regional carriers, our codeshare partners or another airline; the highly competitive nature of the global airline industry and susceptibility of the industry to price discounting and changes in capacity, including as a result of alliances, joint business arrangements or other consolidations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to source a majority of our aircraft, engines and certain parts, and the impact of any failure to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers; disruptions to our regional network and United Express® flights provided by third-party regional carriers; unfavorable economic and political conditions in the United States and globally; reliance on third-party service providers and the impact of any significant failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in our relationships with these providers or their provision of services; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports (including as result of government shutdowns); geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events (including the suspension of our overflying in Russian airspace as a result of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and interruptions of our flying as a result of the military conflicts in the Middle East, as well as any escalation of the broader economic consequences of any conflicts beyond their current scope or a delay in any planned resumption of service to area impacted by a conflict); any damage to our reputation or brand image; our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business and the impact of any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems; increasing privacy, data security and cybersecurity obligations or a significant data breach; increased use of social media platforms by us, our employees and others; the impacts of union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or regulatory compliance costs on our operations or financial performance; any failure to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees; the monetary and operational costs of compliance with extensive government regulation of the airline industry; current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions; costs, liabilities and risks associated with environmental regulation and climate change; high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel; the impacts of our significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and the impacts of insufficient liquidity on our financial condition and business; failure to comply with financial and other covenants governing our debt; limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our failure to realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the impacts of seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry; increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage; risks relating to our repurchase program for shares of common stock and certain warrants exercisable for common stock; and other risks and uncertainties set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and under "Economic and Market Factors" and "Governmental Actions" in Part I, Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC. Non-GAAP Financial Information and Financial Guidance The Company refers to financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP . The non-GAAP financial measures are provided as supplemental information to the financial measures presented in this Investor Update that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and are presented because management believes that they supplement or enhance management's, analysts' and investors' overall understanding of the Company's underlying financial performance and trends and facilitate comparisons among current, past and future periods. Because the non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP , they should not be considered superior to and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures presented in the Company’s filings with the SEC and may not be the same as or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. The Company encourages investors to review its financial statements and publiclyfiled reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The Company does not provide a reconciliation of forwardlooking measures where the Company believes such a reconciliation would imply a degree of precision and certainty that could be confusing

to investors and is unable to reasonably predict certain items contained in the GAAP measures without unreasonable efforts. This is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing or amount of various items that have not yet occurred and are out of the Company's control or cannot be reasonably predicted. For the same reasons, the Company is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information. Forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures provided without the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures may vary materially from the corresponding GAAP financial measures. ####