=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 q12026robinhoodexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Robinhood Reports First Quarter 2026 Results Revenues up 15% year-over-year to $1.07 billion Diluted EPS up 3% year-over-year to $0.38 Net Deposits were $18 billion, a 22% annualized growth rate Robinhood Gold Subscribers grew 36% year-over-year to a record 4.3 million MENLO PARK, Calif. – April 28, 2026 – Robinhood Markets, Inc. (“Robinhood”) (NASDAQ: HOOD) today announced financial results for the first quarter of 2026, which ended March 31, 2026. "Driven by our relentless product velocity and innovation, Robinhood is increasingly positioned at the center of our customers’ financial lives, just as we enter the early innings of the Great Wealth Transfer," said Vlad Tenev, Chairman and CEO of Robinhood. “In Q1, customers remained engaged and rapidly adopted new products, leading to a 20 percent-plus annualized net deposit growth rate, double digit growth across equities and options, and record volumes for prediction markets, futures, and index options," said Shiv Verma, Chief Financial Officer of Robinhood. "And Q2 is off to a good start in April, as equity and option trading volumes are on track to be the highest month of the year, and even with tax season, net deposits are approximately $5 billion month-to-date. We believe there are massive opportunities ahead as we invest for the long term, ship products faster than ever to customers, and deliver value for shareholders.” First Quarter Results • Total net revenue s increased 15% y ear-over-year to $1.07 billion. ◦ Transaction-based revenues increased 7% year-over-year to $623 million , primarily driven by other transaction revenue of $147 million, up 320% , which primarily consists of event contracts revenue, op tions revenue of $260 million , up 8%, and equities revenue o f $82 million, up 46%, partially offset by cryptocurrencies revenue of $134 million, down 47%. ◦ Net interest revenues increased 24% year-over-year to $359 million , primarily driven by growth in interest-earning assets, partially offset by lower short-term interest rates and securities lending activity. ◦ Other revenues increased 57% year-over-year to $85 million, primarily driven by Robinhood Gold subscription revenue of $50 million up 32%. • Net income increased 3% year-over-year to $346 million, compared to Q1 2025. • Diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) increased 3% to $0.38, compared to Q1 2025. • Total operating expenses increased 18% year-over-year to $656 million. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by marketing and growth investments, and acquisition-related expenses. ◦ Adjusted Operating Expenses and Share-Based Compensation (“SBC”) (non-GAAP) increased 14% year-over-year to $607 million, which includes $14 million of costs related to Rothera and Trump Accounts. • Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) increased 14% year-over-year to $534 million. • Funded Customers increased by 1.7 million, or 6%, year-over-year to 27.4 million. ◦ Investment Accounts increased by 2.1 million, or 8%, year-over-year to 29.1 million. • Total Platform Assets increased 39% year-over-year to $307 billion, driven by continued Net Deposits, higher equity valuations, and acquired assets. • Net Deposits were $17.7 billion, an annualized growth rate of 22% relative to Total Platform Assets at the end of Q4 2025. Over the past twelve months, Net Deposits were $67.8 billion, a growth rate of 31% relative to Total Platform Assets at the end of Q1 2025. See Key Performance Metrics for more information. • Robinhood Gold Subscribers increased by 1.2 million, or 36%, year-over-year to 4.3 million. • Average Revenue Per User (“ARPU”) increased 8% year-over-year to $157. • Cash and cash equivalents totaled $5.0 billion, compared with $4.4 billion the end of Q1 2025. • Share repurchases were $250 million, representing 3.1 million shares of our Class A common stock at an average price per share of approximately $81. Since starting our initial share repurchase program in Q3 2024, total share repurchases were $1.2 billion as of the end of Q1 2026, representing 25 million shares of our Class A common stock at an average price per share of approximately $46. ◦ In March 2026, the Company's Board of Directors refreshed our share repurchase authorization to $1.5 billion, which is expected to be completed over the next approximately three years. Highlights Product Velocity Accelerates as Robinhood Builds a Global Financial Super App #1 Platform for Active Traders • Active trader engagement remained strong in Q1, resulting in double-digit year-over-year growth in equity and options volumes, and record volumes for Prediction Markets, Futures, Index Options, Shorting and Margin. • Robinhood continued to deliver innovative products and services, including Cortex Digests - used by nearly 1 million customers to date - and the next generation of Robinhood Cortex, Cortex Assistant, which is rolling out across the app to deliver real-time, AI-powered insights. • Robinhood Social beta also launched to 10,000 customers with strong early engagement, introducing a trading community within the Robinhood app that offers live, verified trades and authentic profiles that we plan to expand to more customers soon. #1 in Wallet Share for the Next Generation • To date, Robinhood Banking has crossed over $2 billion in deposits from over 125,000 Funded Customers and approximately 40 percent of customers signed up for direct deposit. • Robinhood Strategies grew to over 285,000 Funded Customers with over $1.6 billion in assets under management to date. • During the quarter, Robinhood introduced trust and custodial accounts as part of a new family investing experience, and unveiled the next evolution of its credit card, the Robinhood Platinum Card, which has seen strong early demand. In addition, the Robinhood Gold Card has now crossed 800,000 Funded Customers. • The company also launched its IPO of Robinhood Ventures Fund I ("RVI"), a NYSE-listed closed-end investment fund that expands access to private markets by offering retail investors exposure to a portfolio of private companies operating at the frontiers of their industries. • In April, the U.S. Department of the Treasury announced Robinhood will be the broker and sole initial trustee for Trump Accounts — a historic milestone in the Company’s mission to democratize finance for all. Working with BNY, Robinhood will build and run the standalone Trump Account app, host dedicated customer support, provide educational content, and custody the account assets. #1 Global Financial Ecosystem • International traction is picking up as Robinhood expands its global footprint, most recently securing in-principle approval from the Monetary Authority of Singapore to offer a comprehensive suite of brokerage services. • To continue leading the global shift toward tokenization, the Company also launched the public testnet for Robinhood Chain, a financial-grade Ethereum Layer 2 designed to support tokenized real-world assets, which has already processed over 100 million transactions. Additional Q1 2026 Operating Data • Robinhood Retirement AUC increased 90% year-over-year to a record $27.4 billion. • Margin Book increased 93% year-over-year to a record $17.0 billion. • Cash and Deposits increased 71% year-over-year to $16.7 billion. • Cash Sweep decreased 8% year-over-year to $26.0 billion. ◦ In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending, resulting in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to Cash and Deposits in the form of customer free credit balances. • Equity Notional Trading Volumes increased 54% year-over-year to $638 billion. • Options Contracts Traded increased 17% year-over-year to 586 million. • Crypto Notional Trading Volumes were $66 billion, including Robinhood App Notional Volumes which decreased 48% year-over-year to $24 billion, and Bitstamp Notional Volumes which were $42 billion. • Event Contracts Traded were a record 8.8 billion. Conference Call and Livestream Information Robinhood will host a video call to discuss its results at 2 p.m. PT / 5 p.m. ET today, April 28, 2026. The video call can be accessed at investors.robinhood.com, along with the earnings press release and accompanying slide presentation. The event will also be live streamed to YouTube and X.com via Robinhood’s official channels, @RobinhoodApp, on Vlad Tenev’s X.com account, @vladtenev, as well as in the Robinhood App. Following the call, a replay and transcript will also be available at investors.robinhood.com. Financial Outlook The paragraph below provides information on our 2026 expense plan and outlook. We are not providing a 2026 outlook for total operating expenses and have not reconciled our 2026 outlook for Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, total operating expenses, because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the impact of certain items without unreasonable effort. These items include, but are not limited to, provision for credit losses and significant regulatory expenses which may be material and could have a significant impact on total operating expenses for 2026. As previously disclosed, our 2026 expense plan is designed to accelerate product velocity, drive Net Deposit growth, and grow revenues. Our prior outlook for 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC provided at Q4 2025 Earnings (February 10, 2026) was $2.6 billion to $2.725 billion. We now anticipate investing an additional $100 million to build and support the user interface for Trump Accounts, which was not included in our prior outlook. Our work for Trump Accounts is contracted on a cost plus basis with a small margin, so we expect revenues to exceed costs. As a result, our updated outlook for 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is $2.7 billion to $2.825 billion. This expense outlook does not include provision for credit losses, costs related to our pending acquisitions, costs related to the Rothera joint venture, costs from modifications of executive awards in connection with our CFO transition, potential significant regulatory matters, or other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and other business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that may arise or accruals we may determine in the future are required, as we are unable to accurately predict the size or timing of such matters, expenses or accruals at this time. Actual results might differ materially from our outlook due to several factors, including the rate of growth in Funded Customers and our effectiveness to cross-sell products which affects variable marketing costs, the degree to which we are successful in managing credit losses and preventing fraud, and our ability to manage web-hosting expenses efficiently, among other factors. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for more information on Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC, including significant items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses that would be adjusted out of total operating expenses (GAAP) to get to Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC (non-GAAP) should they occur. About Robinhood Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOOD) is a global leader in financial services offering retail brokerage, crypto, advisory, digital banking services, and private markets access to a new generation of investors. Additional information about Robinhood can be found at www.robinhood.com. Robinhood uses the “Overview” tab of its Investor Relations website (accessible at investors.robinhood.com/overview) and its Newsroom (accessible at newsroom.aboutrobinhood.com), as means of disclosing information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner for purposes of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg. FD). Investors should routinely monitor those web pages, in addition to Robinhood’s press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts, as information posted on them could be deemed to be material information. “Robinhood” and the Robinhood feather logo are registered trademarks of Robinhood Markets, Inc. All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Contacts Investors: ir@robinhood.com Press: press@robinhood.com ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) December 31, March 31, (in millions, except share and per share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 4,261 $ 5,012 Cash, cash equivalents, and securities segregated under federal and other regulations 5,749 10,874 Receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations Receivables from users, net 17,994 18,115 Securities borrowed 2,408 3,355 Deposits with clearing organizations User-held fractional shares 3,782 3,819 Deferred customer match incentives Other current assets, including current prepaid expenses of $127 as of December 31, 2025 and $182 as of March 31, 2026 Total current assets 36,305 43,413 Property, software, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Non-current deferred customer match incentives Other non-current assets, including non-current prepaid expenses of $11 as of December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 Total assets $ 38,137 $ 45,474 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ $ Payables to users 11,986 16,780 Securities loaned 11,626 13,387 Fractional shares repurchase obligation 3,782 3,819 Other current liabilities 1,046 Total current liabilities 28,771 35,554 Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities 28,986 35,786 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value. 210,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026. — — Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value. 21,000,000,000 shares authorized, 790,331,696 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025; 21,000,000,000 shares authorized, 791,097,939 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2026. — — Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value. 700,000,000 shares authorized, 110,996,736 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025; 700,000,000 shares authorized, 110,120,620 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2026. — — Class C common stock, $0.0001 par value. 7,000,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026. — — Additional paid-in capital 11,284 11,119 Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit (2,152) (1,802) Non-controlling interests Total stockholders’ equity 9,151 9,688 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 38,137 $ 45,474 ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, YOY% Change Three Months Ended December 31, QOQ% Change (in millions, except share, per share, and percentage data) Revenues: Transaction-based revenues $ $ % $ (20) % Net interest revenues % (13) % Other revenues % (11) % Total net revenues 1,067 % 1,283 (17) % Operating expenses (1)(2) : Brokerage and transaction % % Technology and development % % Operations % % Provision for credit losses % — % Marketing % % General and administrative % (2) % Total operating expenses % % Other income (loss), net — (100) % NM Income before income taxes % (38) % Provision for income taxes % % Net income $ $ % $ (43) % Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests — (4) NM — NM Net income attributable to Robinhood $ $ % $ (42) % Net income attributable to Robinhood common stockholders: Basic $ $ $ Diluted $ $ $ Net income per share attributable to Robinhood common stockholders: Basic $ 0.38 $ 0.39 $ 0.67 Diluted $ 0.37 $ 0.38 $ 0.66 Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to Robinhood common stockholders: Basic 884,577,603 899,154,939 897,877,147 Diluted 909,241,619 915,038,823 917,718,432 ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) ____________ (1) The following table presents operating expenses as a percent of total net revenues: Three Months Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, Brokerage and transaction % % % Technology and development % % % Operations % % % Provision for credit losses % % % Marketing % % % General and administrative % % % Total operating expenses % % % (2) The following table presents the SBC on our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) Brokerage and transaction $ $ $ Technology and development Operations Marketing General and administrative Total SBC $ $ $ ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) Operating activities: Net income $ $ Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes — Share-based compensation Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Securities segregated under federal and other regulations (3,953) Receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations (60) Receivables from users, net (911) (44) Securities borrowed (878) (947) Deposits with clearing organizations (152) Current and non-current prepaid expenses (13) (54) Current and non-current deferred customer match incentives (56) (116) Other current and non-current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses (124) (69) Payables to users (332) 4,793 Securities loaned 1,635 1,761 Other current and non-current liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities 2,038 Investing activities: Purchases of property, software, and equipment (2) (9) Capitalization of internally developed software (9) (9) Consideration transferred for business acquisitions and asset acquisitions (175) (71) Cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash acquired in business acquisitions and asset acquisitions Purchases of non-marketable securities — (92) Proceeds from maturities of held-to-maturity investments — Purchases of credit card receivables by Credit Card Funding Trust (549) (2,520) Collections of purchased credit card receivables 2,399 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (284) Financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of RVI common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of offering costs — Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards (120) (13) Repurchase of Class A common stock (322) (250) Borrowings by the Credit Card Funding Trust Change in principal collected from customers due to Coastal Bank (2) Repayments on borrowings by the Credit Card Funding Trust — (15) Payments of debt issuance costs (16) (12) Contributions from noncontrolling interests — Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (417) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, segregated cash, and restricted cash 1,928 Cash, cash equivalents, segregated cash, and restricted cash, beginning of the period 8,695 9,893 Cash, cash equivalents, segregated cash, and restricted cash, end of the period $ 8,930 $ 11,821 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, segregated cash and restricted cash, end of the period: Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period $ 4,416 $ 5,012 Segregated cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 4,442 6,721 Restricted cash in other current assets, end of the period Restricted cash in other non-current assets, end of the period Cash, cash equivalents, segregated cash and restricted cash, end of the period $ 8,930 $ 11,821 Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest $ $ Cash paid for income taxes, net of refund received $ $ Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Results (Unaudited) Three Months Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions, except for percentage data) Net income attributable to Robinhood $ $ $ Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests — — (4) Net income Net margin % % % Add: Interest expenses related to credit facilities Provision for income taxes Depreciation and amortization EBITDA (non-GAAP) Add: SBC Unrealized gains in non-marketable equity securities (1) (9) — — Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) $ $ $ Adjusted EBITDA Margin (non-GAAP) % % % Three Months Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) Total operating expenses (GAAP) $ $ $ Less: SBC excluding CFO transition SBC attributable to CFO transition — — Provision for credit losses Adjusted Operating Expenses (non-GAAP) $ $ $ Three Months Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, (in millions) Total operating expenses (GAAP) $ $ $ Less: SBC excluding CFO transition SBC attributable to CFO transition — — Provision for credit losses Adjusted Operating Expenses (non-GAAP) Add: SBC excluding CFO transition Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC (non-GAAP) $ $ $ ____________ (1) For the three months and year ended December 31, 2025 primarily related to investments held by RVI. Following the initial public offering of RVI, we continue to consolidate RVI and hold approximately 52% of RVI as of March 31, 2026, with the remaining interest held by public shareholders. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the expected financial performance of Robinhood Markets, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (“we,” “Robinhood,” or the “Company”) and our strategic and operational plans, including (among others) statements regarding that Robinhood is increasingly positioned at the center of our customers’ financial lives, just as we enter the early innings of the Great Wealth Transfer; that we believe there are massive opportunities ahead as we invest for the long term, ship products faster than ever to customers, and aim to deliver value for shareholders; that our refreshed share repurchase authorization is expected to be completed over the next approximately three years; that Cortex Assistant is rolling out across the app to deliver real-time, AI powered insights; that we plan to expand Robinhood Social beta to more customers soon; Robinhood will be the broker and sole initial trustee for Trump Accounts and that, working with BNY, Robinhood will build and run the standalone Trump Account app, host dedicated customer support, provide educational content, and custody and account assets; and all statements and information under the heading “Financial Outlook”. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue,” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this press release. Reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. Factors that contribute to the uncertain nature of our forward-looking statements include, among others: our rapid and continuing expansion, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion; the difficulty of managing our business effectively, including the size of our workforce, and the risk of declining or negative growth; the fluctuations in our financial results and key metrics from quarter to quarter; our reliance on transaction-based revenue, including payment for order flow (“PFOF”), the risk of new regulation or bans on PFOF and similar practices, and the addition of our new fee-based model for cryptocurrency; our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and rapidly changing interest rate environments; the difficulty of raising additional capital (to provide liquidity needs and support business growth and objectives) on reasonable terms, if at all; the need to maintain capital levels required by regulators and self-regulatory organizations; the risk that we might mishandle the cash, securities, and cryptocurrencies we hold on behalf of customers, and our exposure to liability for processing, operational, or technical errors in clearing functions; the impact of negative publicity on our brand and reputation; the risk that changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact the global financial markets, or a systemic market event, might harm our business; our dependence on key employees and a skilled workforce; the fact that we do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera, our joint venture with Susquehanna International Group, and its subsidiaries; operational and regulatory risks and expenditures prior to and following closing of our acquisitions and investments; the difficulty of complying with an extensive, complex, and changing regulatory environment, the risk of monetary and other penalties for noncompliance, and the need to adjust our business model in response to new or modified laws and regulations; the possibility of adverse developments in pending litigation and regulatory investigations; the risk that the outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory enforcement actions and litigation, as well as potential changes in federal or state law, could immediately or subsequently prevent us from offering, or continuing to offer, event contracts; the effects of competition; our need to innovate and acquire or invest in new products, services, technologies and geographies in order to attract and retain customers and deepen their engagement with us in order to maintain growth; our reliance on third parties to perform some key functions and the risk that processing, operational or technological failures could impair the availability or stability of our platforms; the risk of cybersecurity incidents, theft, data breaches, and other online attacks; the difficulty of processing customer data in compliance with privacy laws; our need as a regulated financial services company to develop and maintain effective compliance and risk management infrastructures; the risks associated with incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into some of our products and processes; the regulation, litigation, contractual, operational, and reputational risks associated with our introduction of products such as Robinhood Stock Tokens in the European Economic Area and our staking services offered in the U.S.; and the risk that substantial future sales of Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that they may occur, could cause the price of our stock to fall. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results can be found in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, as well as in our other filings with the SEC, all of which are available on the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment; new risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks nor identify all uncertainties. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements might not be achieved and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, April 28, 2026, and are based on information and estimates available to us at this time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, Robinhood assumes no obligation to update any of the statements in this press release whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this press release with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might be materially different from what we expect. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business, allocate our resources and assess our performance. In addition to total net revenues, net income, and other results under GAAP, we utilize non-GAAP calculations of adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”) , Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Operating Expenses, and Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC. This non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We believe each of these non-GAAP measures provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations, as well as providing a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business performance and cost structure, as applicable. These non-GAAP measures are used by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to operating expenses, evaluate performance, and perform strategic planning and annual budgeting. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables included in this press release. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Robinhood, excluding (i) net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, (ii) interest expenses related to credit facilities, (iii) provision for (benefit from) income taxes, (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) SBC, (vi) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, and (vii) other significant gains, losses, and expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing results. The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are non-cash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measurement used by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to operating expenses, evaluate performance, and perform strategic planning and annual budgeting. Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total net revenues. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is net margin (calculated as net income divided by total net revenues). Adjusted Operating Expenses Adjusted Operating Expenses is defined as GAAP total operating expenses minus (i) SBC, (ii) provision for credit losses, (iii) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, and (iv) other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses. The amount and timing of the excluded items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is defined as GAAP total operating expenses minus (i) provision for credit losses, (ii) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, (iii) other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses), that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses, and (iv) SBC related to modifications of executive awards in connection with our CFO transition. The amount and timing of the excluded items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Unlike Adjusted Operating Expenses, Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC does not adjust for SBC except for in 2026 as it relates to modification of executive awards related to our CFO transition. Key Performance Metrics In addition to the measures presented in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key performance metrics to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. Funded Customers We define a Funded Customer as a unique person who has at least one account with a Robinhood entity and, within the past 45 calendar days (a) had an account balance that was greater than zero (excluding amounts that are deposited into a Funded Customer account by the Company with no action taken by the unique person) or (b) completed a transaction using any such account. Individuals who share a funded joint investing account (which launched in July 2024) are each considered to be a Funded Customer. Starting in June 2025, customers of Bitstamp are also considered Funded Customers. Total Platform Assets We define Total Platform Assets as the sum of the fair value of all equities, options, cryptocurrency, futures (including options on futures and swaps, including event contracts), cash held by users in their accounts, net of receivables from users (previously reported as Assets Under Custody), and any such assets managed by RIAs using TradePMR’s platform that are not custodied by Robinhood, as of a stated date or period end on a trade date basis. Net Deposits and net market gains (losses) drive the change in Total Platform Assets in any given period. Starting in June 2025, the fair value of all cryptocurrency includes cryptocurrency on Bitstamp. Total Platform Assets also include cryptocurrency lent through platform-enabled lending programs, where customers may recall such assets at any time through the platform. Assets Under Custody We define Assets Under Custody as Total Platform Assets, excluding assets managed by RIAs using TradePMR's platform that are not custodied by Robinhood, as of a stated date or period end on a trade date basis. Net Deposits We define Net Deposits as all cash deposits and asset transfers from customers, as well as dividends, interest, staking rewards, and cash or assets earned in connection with Company promotions (such as account transfer and retirement match incentives, free stock bonuses) received by customers, net of reversals, customer cash withdrawals, margin and lending interest, Robinhood Gold subscription fees, and assets transferred off of our platforms for a stated period. Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp. As previously disclosed, due to data limitations we did not include TradePMR client figures in our Net Deposits key performance metric prior to March 2026. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. Average Revenue Per User (“ARPU”) We define ARPU as total revenue for a given period divided by the average number of Funded Customers on the last day of that period and the last day of the immediately preceding period. Figures in this press release represent ARPU annualized for each three-month period presented. Robinhood Gold Subscribers We define a Robinhood Gold Subscriber as a unique person who has at least one account with a Robinhood entity and who, as of the end of the relevant period (a) is subscribed to Robinhood Gold and (b) has made at least one Robinhood Gold subscription fee payment. Additional Operating Metrics Robinhood Retirement AUC We define Robinhood Retirement AUC as the total Assets Under Custody in traditional individual retirement accounts (“IRAs") and Roth IRAs. This does not include accounts with an RIA using TradePMR’s platform. Cash Sweep We define Cash Sweep as the period-end total amount of participating users’ uninvested brokerage and banking cash that has been automatically “swept” or moved from their accounts into deposits for their benefit at a network of program banks. This is an off-balance-sheet amount. Robinhood earns a net interest spread on Cash Sweep balances based on the interest rate offered by the banks less the interest rate given to users as stated in our program terms. This includes balances from customers of RIAs using TradePMR’s platform. In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending, resulting in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to Cash and Deposits in the form of customer free credit balances. Margin Book We define Margin Book as our period-end aggregate outstanding margin loan balances receivable (i.e., the period-end total amount we are owed by customers on loans made for the purchase of securities, supported by a pledge of assets in their margin-enabled brokerage accounts). This includes margin loan balances from customers of RIAs using TradePMR’s platform. Notional Trading Volume We define Notional Trading Volume, or Notional Volume, for any specified asset class as the aggregate dollar value (purchase price or sale price as applicable) of trades executed in that asset class on our platforms over a specified period of time. Crypto Notional Volume includes both Robinhood App Notional Volume and, starting in June 2025, Bitstamp Notional Volume. Robinhood App Notional Volume represents the dollar value of executed crypto trades on the Robinhood platform over a specified period of time. Bitstamp Notional Volume represents the dollar value of executed crypto trades on the Bitstamp platform over a specified period of time. For example, each $1 of transaction value executed between a buyer and seller is counted as $1 of transaction value in the relevant period, rather than $2 if counted for each of the buyer and seller. Options Contracts Traded We define Options Contracts Traded as the total number of options contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time. Each contract generally entitles the holder to trade 100 shares of the underlying stock. Futures Contracts Traded We define Futures Contracts Traded as the total number of futures contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time. While contract specifications vary, futures contracts generally represent agreements to buy or sell an asset at a specific price at a future date. Event Contracts are not included within Futures Contracts Traded. Event Contracts Traded We define Event Contracts Traded as the total number of event contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time through our Prediction Markets Hub. Each contract can be traded at $0.01 increments up to $1 and is worth $1 upon settlement. Cash and Deposits We define Cash and Deposits as the period-end sum of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and securities under federal and other regulations, deposits with clearing organizations, and investments. Glossary Terms Investment Accounts We define an Investment Account as a funded individual brokerage account, a funded joint investing account, a funded IRA, or an account with an RIA using TradePMR’s platform. Starting in September 2025, a Funded Customer can have multiple Investment Accounts - one or more individual brokerage accounts, a joint investing account, a traditional IRA, a Roth IRA, and/or an RIA custody account using TradePMR’s platform. Investment Accounts do not include Bitstamp as such accounts are not brokerage or other Investment Accounts. Robinhood Gold Adoption Rate We define the Robinhood Gold adoption rate as end of period Robinhood Gold Subscribers divided by end of period Funded Customers. Growth Rate and Annualized Growth Rate with respect to Net Deposits Growth rate is calculated as aggregate Net Deposits over a specified 12-month period, divided by Total Platform Assets for the fiscal quarter that immediately precedes such 12-month period. Annualized growth rate is calculated as Net Deposits for a specified quarter multiplied by 4 and divided by Total Platform Assets for the immediately preceding quarter. Additional Information The reference to “Great Wealth Transfer” on page 1 comes from the estimate reported by Cerulli Associates in December 2024 (https://www.cerulli.com/press-releases/cerulli-anticipates-124-trillion-in-wealth-will-transfer-through-2048).

=== EARNINGS PRESENTATION ===

investors.robinhood.com Robinhood Markets, Inc. Earnings Presentation First Quarter 2026 April 28, 2026 Robinhood Markets, Inc. Earnings Presentation First Quarter 2026 April 28, 2026

investors.robinhood.com 2 Disclaimers This Presentation Relates to Robinhood’s Broader Earnings Announcement Disclosures This presentation accompanies the first quarter 2026 earnings announcement webcast of Robinhood Markets, Inc. (including its consolidated subsidiaries, “we,” “Robinhood,” or the “Company”) and should be read together with Robinhood’s earnings announcement press release. Hyperlinks to our first quarter 2026 webcast, and press release can be found together with these slides on Robinhood’s investor relations website at investors.robinhood.com. Key Performance Metrics This presentation includes key performance metrics that our management uses to help evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. Our key performance metrics include Funded Customers, Total Platform Assets, Net Deposits, Average Revenue Per User (“ARPU”), and Robinhood Gold Subscribers. Definitions of performance metrics can be found in the appendix to this presentation (the “Appendix”). Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Where to Find Reconciliations to GAAP This presentation includes financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Our non-GAAP financial measures include adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Operating Expenses, Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC, Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal, and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal. Definitions, explanations, and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This presentation and the related webcast contain forward-looking statements regarding our expected financial performance and our strategic and operational plans, including (among others) statements regarding that Robinhood is coming to Indonesia; that Robinhood Cortex indicators and scanners on Robinhood Legend are rolling out early 2026 to Gold Subscribers; that custodial accounts and trust accounts are rolling out later in 2026; that the Robinhood Platinum Card is rolling out in Q2 2026; that family hub is rolling out later in 2026; that Robinhood Strategies tax aware transfers and early dividends are rolling out later in 2026; that we anticipate diluted share count will be roughly flat in 2026; that with over $5B in corporate cash, investments, and stablecoin, we are well positioned to continue deploying capital; that we believe the strength of our balance sheet gives us the flexibility to run our business while investing for future growth; that we will continue to look to drive growth and shareholder value by allocating capital across organic growth, M&A, and shareholder returns; that we expect to execute our refreshed share repurchase authorization over approximately the next three years with flexibility to accelerate if market conditions warrant; that new trading products continue to scale; that we are deepening relationships and growing our share of wallet with customers as we deliver innovative wealth management products; that the majority of the remaining Gold deposit boosts earned by customers prior to the end of the program will be paid out over a period of 8 months; that Robinhood will be the broker and trustee for the Trump Accounts; that by developing and managing the new Trump Accounts App, we’re getting Robinhood technology in front of the next generation of investors; that Trump Accounts is also a new way to extend Robinhood’s mission to helping governments and build a public sector business; that we hope to make Trump Accounts the best technology product the government has ever built or been associated with; that looking at Prediction Markets - we’re getting ready for the Q2 launch of our joint venture with Susquehanna - our exchange Rothera; that with the launch of Rothera, the vertical integration will give us greater control over the end to end experience, including the product selection and pricing we can offer customers; that we’re working to add top requested features to Robinhood Social like live stock charts, expanded personal profiles, and better tools to find other users, that we are bringing popular creators on the platform; that we are building our customers’ financial super app and we can see this is resonating with customers; that Robinhood Banking is rapidly becoming a leading premium digital banking offering; the Robinhood Gold Card credit performance continues to be strong, and we’re on track to surpass 1 million cards and $100M in annual recurring revenue this year; that the Global Financial Ecosystem is our 10-year arc, and we are making progress as we expand to different markets around the world; that International is picking up as we approach 1 million funded customers and we plan to launch crypto in Canada around midyear via our pending WonderFi acquisition; that Bitstamp continues to win institutional customers and gain market share, we are enhancing the offering, particularly institutional lending; that across the entirety of the business, we’re turbo charging Robinhood with AI, in three major ways, aggressively leveraging AI to drive efficiency and productivity internally, giving customers access to AI-powered tools and focusing on empowering customers to participate in the economic value created by AI companies; we’ve already begun building the initial portfolio on our next fund, RVII, and are excited to share more soon; that we've got some great new products to share with our customers and we've been working hard on agentic capabilities so you should see some exiting new products coming in May; that our Crypto event is coming up in July in the UK and we'll be holding our annual HOOD Summit for active traders this fall; that trading volumes for equities and options are on track to be the highest month of the year in April 2026; that share count is on track to be approximately flat this year; that additionally, in March our Board refreshed our share repurchase authorization to $1.5 billion, reflecting our confidence in the opportunity ahead; that we want to continue investing for the long term, while maintaining our disciplined approach to costs; that customers are responding incredibly well to our new product initiatives, and product velocity is faster than ever and that we believe this combination can deliver outsized growth for years to come; that, at the same time, we want to remain disciplined in the ways we invest capital, and we continue to underwrite each investment to strong long-term ROIs; that we are increasing our focus on top of funnel funded customer growth; that while we continue to add customers organically, we think there is an opportunity to improve our customer growth rate - both in the US and Internationally; that we’re starting to allocate more of our investments to adding new customers again, while maintaining our focus on strong annualized net deposit growth; that this is all in addition to supporting Trump Accounts, which also puts Robinhood technology in front of the next generation of investors; that we’re leaning into investments in AI, both in customer facing products and internally and we believe making AI native to our work is just as fundamental to winning; that we believe AI has the power to transform financial services - for customers and employees; and as a technology company, we plan to lead that charge; and that putting it all together, we believe the opportunities for 2026 and beyond remain massive; as well as all statements about our FY 2026 financial outlook. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue,” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this presentation and the related webcast. Reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. Factors that contribute to the uncertain nature of our forward-looking statements include, among others: our rapid and continuing expansion, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion; the difficulty of managing our business effectively, including the size of our workforce, and the risk of declining or negative growth; the fluctuations in our financial results and key metrics from quarter to quarter; our reliance on transaction-based revenue, including payment for order flow (“PFOF”), the risk of new regulation or bans on PFOF and similar practices, and the addition of our new fee-based model for cryptocurrency; our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and rapidly changing interest rate environments; the difficulty of raising additional capital (to provide liquidity needs and support business growth and objectives) on reasonable terms, if at all; the need to maintain capital levels required by regulators and self-regulatory organizations; the risk that we might mishandle the cash, securities, and cryptocurrencies we hold on behalf of customers, and our exposure to liability for processing, operational, or technical errors in clearing functions; the impact of negative publicity on our brand and reputation; the risk that changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact the global financial markets, or a systemic market event, might harm our business; our dependence on key employees and a skilled workforce; the fact that we do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera, our joint venture with Susquehanna International Group, and its subsidiaries; operational and regulatory risks and expenditures prior to and following closing of our acquisitions and investments; the difficulty of complying with an extensive, complex, and changing regulatory environment, the risk of monetary and other penalties for noncompliance, and the need to adjust our business model in response to new or modified laws and regulations; the possibility of adverse developments in pending litigation and regulatory investigations; the risk that the outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory enforcement actions and litigation, as well as potential changes in federal or state law, could immediately or subsequently prevent us from offering, or continuing to offer, event contracts; the effects of competition; our need to innovate and acquire or invest in new products, services, technologies and geographies in order to attract and retain customers and deepen their engagement with us in order to maintain growth; our reliance on third parties to perform some key functions and the risk that processing, operational or technological failures could impair the availability or stability of our platforms; the risk of cybersecurity incidents, theft, data breaches, and other online attacks; the difficulty of processing customer data in compliance with privacy laws; our need as a regulated financial services company to develop and maintain effective compliance and risk management infrastructures; the risks associated with incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into some of our products and processes; the regulation, litigation, contractual, operational, and reputational risks associated with our introduction of products such as Robinhood Stock Tokens in the European Economic Area and our staking services offered in the U.S.; and the risk that substantial future sales of Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that they may occur, could cause the price of our stock to fall. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results can be found in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, as well as in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), all of which are available on the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment; new risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks nor identify all uncertainties. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements might not be achieved and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements in this presentation and the related webcast are made as of the date of this presentation and the related webcast, April 28, 2026, and are based on information and estimates available to us at this time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, Robinhood assumes no obligation to update any of the statements in this presentation and the related webcast whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should view this presentation and the related webcast with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might be materially different from what we expect. Trademarks "Robinhood" and the Robinhood feather logo are registered trademarks of Robinhood Markets, Inc. All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

investors.robinhood.com 3 Q1 2026 Business Results Highlights Funded Customers in millions k = Thousands, B = Billions, M = Millions, LTM = Last twelve months. (1) Defined as end of period Robinhood Gold Subscribers divided by end of period Funded Customers. (2) Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp, which we acquired on 6/2/2025. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. Please refer to the definitions in the Appendix for more information. (3) Relative to prior period Total Platform Assets. Refer to definitions in the Appendix for growth rate calculations. +1.7M year-over-year +410k sequential Robinhood Gold Subscribers in millions +1.2M year-over-year +170k sequential Total Platform Assets in billions +39% year-over-year (5%) sequential Net Deposits² in billions $68B LTM +31% LTM Growth 25.8 26.5 26.8 27.0 27.4 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 3.19 3.48 3.88 4.18 4.34 12.4% 13.1% 14.5% 15.5% 15.8% Robinhood Gold SubscribersRobinhood Gold Adoption Rate¹ Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 $221 $279 $333 $322 $307 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 $18.0 $13.8 $20.4 $15.9 $17.7 37% 25% 29% 19% 22% Net Deposits Annualized Growth Rate³

investors.robinhood.com 4 $336 $386 $556 $605 $346 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Q1 2026 Financial Results Highlights Total Net Revenues in millions Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliations of Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, operating expenses, net income, and net margin, respectively. +15% year-over-year (17%) sequential Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC in millions +14% year-over-year +2% sequential Adjusted EBITDA in millions +14% year-over-year (30%) sequential Net Income in millions +$10 year-over-year ($259) sequential $927 $989 $1,274 $1,283 $1,067 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 $4.6B over the last twelve months $533 $522 $613 $597 $607 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 $2.3B over the last twelve months $470 $549 $742 $761 $534 51% 56% 58% 59% 50% Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA Margin Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 $2.6B (56% margin) over the last twelve months Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) $0.37 $0.42 $0.61 $0.66 $0.38 +$0.01 year-over-year ($0.28) sequential $1.9B over the last twelve months

investors.robinhood.com 5 Product velocity remained robust to start 2026 (1) Announced Robinhood entered into an agreement to acquire WonderFi on 5/13/2025. The pending acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. (2) Announced Robinhood availability across 30 EU and EEA countries (up from 4 prior), Stock Tokens in Europe (available to all eligible European customers), US staking for ETH and SOL (available to all eligible US customers), crypto perpetual futures in Europe (available to all eligible EU customers), and the Robinhood Chain (under development) on 6/30/2025. (3) Announced shorting, Robinhood Social (currently rolling out to customers), Robinhood Cortex indicators and scanners on Robinhood Legend (rolling out early 2026 to Gold Subscribers), and overnight index options (currently rolling out to customers) on 9/10/2025. (4) Robinhood Ventures is a broader initiative to give retail investors exposure to private companies. (5) Available to eligible Gold Subscribers. Sage Home Loans Corporation NMLS ID #3304 is not affiliated with any Robinhood entity. Robinhood is not a lender. (6) Increased Stock Tokens available to EU Customers by over 1,500 in Q4 to a total of approximately 2,000. (7) Announced Robinhood entered into agreements to acquire PT Buana Capital Sekuritas, an Indonesian brokerage, and PT Pedagang Aset Kripto, a licensed Indonesian digital financial asset trader on 12/7/2025. Each pending acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. (8) Announced Prediction Markets preset combos (available to all eligible US customers), custom combos (available to all eligible US customers), player contracts (available to all eligible US customers), Cortex Portfolio Digests (currently rolling out to Gold Subscribers), and Cortex Assistant on 12/16/2025. (9) Increased US Crypto assets by 17 to a total of 66 and EU Crypto assets by 10 to a total of 79 in Q1. (10) Announced custodial accounts, trust accounts (rolling out later in 2026), the Robinhood Platinum Card (rolling out in Q2 2026, family hub (rolling out later in 2026), Robinhood Strategies tax aware transfers, and Early Dividends (rolling out later in 2026) on 3/4/2026.

investors.robinhood.com 6 Funded Customers increased by 1.7 million year-over-year to a record 27.4 million in Q1 23.9 24.2 24.3 25.2 25.8 26.5 26.8 27.0 27.4 24.4 24.8 25.1 26.2 27.0 27.4 27.9 28.4 29.1 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Investment Accounts1 Year-over-year change +1.7M Sequential change +410k In millions As of Q1 2026, we had 29.1M Investment Accounts, up 2.1M year-over-year. (1) Bitstamp Funded Customers are not reflected in the Investment Accounts total as they are not brokerage or other Investment Accounts. Refer to Appendix for definitions of Funded Customers and Investment Accounts.

investors.robinhood.com 7 Total Platform Assets increased 39% year-over-year to $307 billion in Q1 due to continued Net Deposits, higher equity valuations, and acquired assets $82 $96 $106 $131 $126 $160 $203 $212 $208 $1 $1 $1 $2 $1 $2 $4 $3 $2 $26 $21 $20 $35 $28 $41 $51 $38 $30 $21 $22 $25 $25 $25 $33 $33 $27 $25 $41 $43 $42 $42 $42 $130 $140 $152 $193 $221 $279 $333 $322 $307 Equities Options and futures¹Cryptocurrencies Net cash held by usersRIA Assets Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 In billions Refer to the Appendix for changes in Total Platform Assets and details of net cash held by users. Q1 2026 ETF balances totaled ~$65 billion, representing 31% of total Q1 2026 equities under custody, up from 29% in Q1 2025. (1) Futures consists of futures, options on futures and swaps, including event contracts, which we launched during the fourth quarter of 2024. (2) Defined as end of period Total Platform Assets divided by end of period Funded Customers. $5.4 $5.8 $6.3 $7.7 $8.6 $10.5 $12.4 $11.9 $11.2 Average Total Platform Assets per Funded Customer (in thousands)2 (20%) (2%) +11% +65% (5%)+39% (7%)(2%) NM NM Sequential change Year-overyear change —%+3%

investors.robinhood.com 8 0.65 0.82 0.94 1.15 1.32 1.46 1.63 1.80 1.98 Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 4.2 8.7 9.9 13.1 14.4 19.0 24.2 26.5 27.4 Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 Robinhood Retirement AUC1 grew to a record $27 billion in Q1 Robinhood Retirement Accounts End of period, in millions (1) Does not include TradePMR. (2) Defined as end of period Robinhood Retirement AUC divided by the total number of traditional IRAs and Roth IRAs at the end of the period. Robinhood Retirement AUC End of period, in $ billions Robinhood Retirement AUC per Account2 End of period, in $ thousands 6.5 10.6 10.5 11.4 10.9 13.0 14.8 14.7 13.8 Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 Up 50% Up 90%

investors.robinhood.com 9 Robinhood Gold Subscribers grew to a record 4.3 million in Q1, representing ~16% of Funded Customers Robinhood Gold Subscribers receive meaningful value for $5 per month1 (1) Robinhood Gold offering and pricing as of 4/27/2026. (2) Other fees may apply when trading futures and index options. (3) The Robinhood Gold Card is currently rolling out via a waitlist. (4) Robinhood Banking, Robinhood Cortex Portfolio Digests, and Robinhood Cortex Assistant are currently rolling out to Gold Subscribers. Robinhood Cortex Trade Builder and custom indicators and scanners are not yet available to customers. Robinhood is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Coastal Community Bank, Member FDIC. (5) Sage Home Loans Corporation NMLS ID #3304 is not affiliated with any Robinhood entity. Robinhood is not a lender. Average based on a customer's loan scenario, informed by the Mortgage News Daily national average. (6) Defined as end of period Robinhood Gold Subscribers divided by end of period Funded Customers. (7) Defined as Robinhood Gold subscription revenue in a given quarter times four. (8) Comparisons exclude Funded Customers who solely use X1, TradePMR or Bitstamp. Assets Under Custody and Robinhood Retirement Adoption Rate figures as of 3/31/2026. Net Deposit growth rate over the LTM ending 3/31/2026. Refer to definitions in the Appendix for growth rate calculations. Robinhood Gold Subscribers In millions High-Yield Cash 3.35% APY on uninvested cash Up to $2.5M FDIC insurance through the Cash Sweep Program Retirement 3% IRA match Trading Lower index options contract fees ($0.35 vs. $0.50 for non-Gold)2 Lower futures commissions ($0.50 vs. $0.75 for non-Gold)2 First $1,000 of margin free Research Professional research reports Gold Card3 3% cash back on all categories Robinhood Strategies Management fees capped at $250 per year Robinhood Cortex4 Stock and Crypto Digests, Portfolio Digests Trade Builder (coming soon) Custom indicators and scanners (coming soon) Assistant (coming soon) Robinhood Banking4 Private banking experience with checking and savings, digital wealth app, and additional perks 3.5% APY on cash Up to $2.5M FDIC insurance Exclusive Mortgage Rates5 0.75%+ discount to average mortgage rate and $500 closing cost credit through Sage Home Loans Rewards Hub Access to rewards that can include partner offers, crypto gifts, limited time giveaways, and access to the Gold Collection store Compared to our average Funded Customer8, our average Robinhood Gold Subscriber has... ~5x Assets Under Custody8 ~1.2x Net Deposit Growth Rate8 ~3.3x Robinhood Retirement Adoption Rate8 Q1 2026 4.34M +36% (+1.2M) Y/Y +4% (+170k) Q/Q 1.68 1.98 2.19 2.64 3.19 3.48 3.88 4.18 4.34 7.0% 8.2% 9.0% 10.5% 12.4% 13.1% 14.5% 15.5% 15.8% Robinhood Gold SubscribersRobinhood Gold Adoption Rate⁶ Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Annualized Robinhood Gold Subscription Revenue7 (in millions) $90 $104 $112 $128 $152 $176 $188 $200 $200

investors.robinhood.com 10 Net Deposits were $18 billion in Q1, translating to a 22% annualized growth rate, and were ~$68 billion over the last twelve months, translating to a 31% growth rate In billions $11.2 $13.2 $10.0 $16.1 $18.0 $13.8 $20.4 $15.9 $17.7 44% 41% 29% 42% 37% 25% 29% 19% 22% Net Deposits Annualized Growth Rate² Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25¹ Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Last twelve months Net Deposits $67.8 Last twelve months growth rate 31% Q1 2026 Net Deposits of $17.7B included the net effect of ~$5.9B ACATS In and ~$2.2B ACATS Out. Automated Customer Account Transfer Service ("ACATS") is a system that automates and standardizes procedures for the transfer of assets in a customer account from one brokerage firm and / or bank to another. (1) Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp, which we acquired on 6/2/2025. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. (2) Refer to definitions in the Appendix for details on growth rate calculations.

investors.robinhood.com 11 Average cumulative Net Deposits1 have grown over time across our Funded Customer Cohorts2, and recent cohorts' initial Net Deposits are larger Funded Customer Cohorts reflect quarterly cohorts, from Q1 2021 through Q1 2026. Comparisons exclude Funded Customers who solely use X1, TradePMR or Bitstamp. (1) "Average cumulative Net Deposits" defined as total cumulative Net Deposits from a cohort divided by the cohort size. (2) A “Funded Customer Cohort” comprises end of period Funded Customers who were first considered a New Customer in a given quarter. Quarters 0 4 8 12 16 20$— $3,000 $6,000 $9,000 $12,000 $15,000 $18,000 Customer Cohort Key 202520232022 2024

investors.robinhood.com 12 28.3 39.8 34.0 23.8 6.7 40.5 48.4 41.9 36.0 21.5 14.4 71.0 46.1 35.0 80.3 82.4 65.7 Robinhood App Bitstamp Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 477 500 515 Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 225 244 423 413 Q1'24Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 Q1 trading volumes increased significantly year-over-year as we've continued to gain market share Equity Notional Volumes In $ billions Options Contracts Traded In millions of contracts Crypto Notional Volumes1 In $ billions Up 54% Y/Y and down 10% Q/Q Up 17% Y/Y and down 11% Q/Q Up 43% Y/Y and down 20% Q/Q Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 Refer to page 31 for details on volumes for newer trading products, including Index Options, Futures, and Event Contracts. (1) We acquired Bitstamp in June 2025. Bitstamp Crypto Notional Volumes in Q1 2026 were ~94% institutional and ~6% retail. Refer to Appendix for the definition of Notional Trading Volume, and to page 32 for a breakdown of Crypto Notional Volumes. Including pre-close volumes, Bitstamp Notional Volumes would have been $24.0B and Crypto Notional Volumes would have been $52.3B in Q2'251

investors.robinhood.com 13 Total net revenues were up 15% year-over-year to $1.1 billion in Q1, and ARPU was $157 In millions, except for ARPU (20%) (13%) +7% +24% (17%)+15% +57% (11%) Sequential change Year-overyear change $329 $327 $319 $672 $583 $539 $730 $776 $623 $254 $285 $274 $296 $290 $357 $456 $411 $359 $35 $70 $44 $46 $54 $93 $88 $96 $85 $618 $682 $637 $1,014$927 $989 $1,274$1,283 $1,067$104 $113 $105 $164 $145 $151 $191 $191 $157 Transaction-based revenuesNet interest revenuesOther revenues Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Contra revenue associated with match incentives paid to customers is allocated across Transaction-Based Revenues, Net Interest Revenues, and Other Revenues on a proportional basis. For details on the allocation of this contra revenue, refer to page 37 in the Appendix. Average Revenue per User (ARPU)

investors.robinhood.com 14 Transaction-based revenues were up 7% year-over-year to $623 million in Q1 (17%) (39%) +8% (47%) (20%)+7% Sequential change Year-overyear change (1) Other transaction-based revenues primarily comprise revenues related to prediction markets, instant withdrawals, futures, and interchange revenues which are offset by rewards expense. Instant withdrawals annualized revenues (defined as revenue in a given quarter times four) were ~$120M in Q1'26, compared to ~$140M in Q4'25. Starting in Q1'26, we are allocating contra revenue, primarily driven by the amortization of customer matches, to event contracts. Event contracts annualized revenues were ~$415 million in Q1 2026, or approximately ~$445 million prior to the impact of contra revenue, and were ~$435M in Q4'25. In millions $39 $40 $37 $61 $56 $66 $86 $94 $82 $154 $182 $202 $222 $240 $265 $304 $314 $260 $126 $81 $61 $358 $252 $160 $268 $221 $134 $10 $24 $19 $31 $35 $48 $72 $147 $147 $329 $327 $319 $672 $583 $539 $730 $776 $623 Equity Options Crypto Other¹ Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 (13%)+46% +320% —%

investors.robinhood.com 15 $70 $66 $67 $53 $49 $46 $39 $33 $34 $72 $73 $83 $91 $110 $114 $153 $196 $193 $58 $68 $61 $74 $56 $77 $103 $83 $58 $39 $44 $46 $50 $48 $60 $64 $57 $45 $15 $34 $19 $26 $23 $54 $87 $26 $4 $10 $13 $17 $24 $32 $254 $285 $274 $296 $290 $357 $456 $411 $359 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Net interest revenues were up 24% year-over-year to $359 million in Q1 Refer to page 38 in the Appendix for additional details on net interest revenues. In millions Cash Sweep Interest on segregated cash, securities, and deposits Interest on corporate cash and investments Margin interest Securities lending, net Interest expense related to credit facilities Credit card, net$6 $6 ($8)($6)($6) ($6) ($6) ($6) $4 $8 Year-over-year change +24% Sequential change (13%) Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 $1 ($8) Other $1 ($10) $2 ($8) $1

investors.robinhood.com 16 $33 $37 $37 $48 $48 $45 $54 $54 $57 $152 $157 $157 $160 $170 $175 $197 $196 $201 $26 $26 $26 $27 $30 $27 $32 $35 $37$65 $63 $56 $80 $103 $97 $100 $91 $105$106 $106 $98 $97 $109 $100 $152 $145 $128 $16 $18 $23 $19$62 $86 $79 $77 $73 $78 $78 $76 $79 $460 $493 $476 $508 $533 $522 $613 $597 $607 Brokerage and transactionTechnology and developmentOperations Marketing General and administrationProvision for credit losses¹Share-based compensation Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25¹ Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26² Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC increased 14% year-over-year to $607 million in Q1 In millions Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliations of Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, total operating expenses. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation. The impact of these reclassifications is immaterial to the presentation of the financials taken as a whole. (1) Starting in Q1 2025, Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC no longer includes provision for credit losses. (2) Q1 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC excludes $13M in SBC attributable to our CFO transition. Refer to Appendix for the definition of Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC. Year-over-year change +14% Sequential change +2%

investors.robinhood.com 17 Initial 2026 Outlook¹ Current 2026 Outlook¹ +$100M for Trump Accounts Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC in billions We are updating our 2026 outlook for Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to include planned investments in Trump Accounts (1) Initial 2026 Outlook provided on 2/10/2026. Current 2026 Outlook provided on 4/28/2026. Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, total operating expenses. Refer to the Appendix for additional information on our 2026 outlook. Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 • Our initial 2026 outlook for Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC was $2.6 to $2.725 billion, which did not include costs related to Rothera or Trump Accounts. • In Q1, we managed expenses to be significantly lower than the quarterly average of our initial outlook. Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC was $607 million, which includes $14M of costs related to Rothera and Trump Accounts that were not included in our initial outlook. • We now anticipate investing an additional $100 million to support Trump Accounts, approximately half of which we expect to recognize in Q2 as we build towards the launch of the program. Our work for Trump Accounts is contracted on a cost plus basis with a small margin, so we expect revenues to exceed costs. • As a result, we're now including the $100 million investment, leading to an updated 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC outlook of $2.7 to $2.825 billion, which does not include costs related to Rothera. $2.6 to $2.725 Our 2026 outlook does not include provision for credit losses, costs related to our pending acquisitions, costs related to the Rothera joint venture, costs from equity modifications of executive awards related to our CFO transition, potential significant regulatory matters, or other significant expenses whose size or timing we are unable to accurately predict. $2.7 to $2.825

investors.robinhood.com 18 $73 $78 $78 $76 $92 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Diluted share count was roughly flat in 2025, and we anticipate diluted share count will be roughly flat in 2026 as well Basic and Diluted Share Count in millions (1) Q2'25 includes the impact of approximately 4M 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs vesting. Q3'25 includes the impact of approximately 7M 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs vesting. Refer to Appendix for definition of 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs. (2) Under GAAP, for any period with net income, diluted EPS is calculated using the treasury method for diluted shares, which may cause differences compared to diluted shares shown in this schedule dependent on Robinhood's share price. (3) Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliations of Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, total operating expenses. Refer to the Appendix for additional information on our 2026 outlook. Share-Based Compensation Expense in millions 885 888 899 901 901 35 30 23 20 22 920 918 922 921 923 Basic Share Count Dilutive Shares² Q1'25 Q2'25¹ Q3'25¹ Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-overyear change +0.3% +1.9% SBC as a % of Total Net Revenues 8% 8% 6% 6% 9% $324M (7% of total net revenues) over the last twelve months Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 Q1 2026 SBC of $92M includes $13M of SBC related to our CFO transition, which had no impact on share count and is not included in Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC3

investors.robinhood.com 19 $157 $188 $150 $916 $336 $386 $556 $605 $346 $492 $424 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 GAAP net income was $346 million in Q1 and $1.9 billion over the last twelve months In millions, except for EPS Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliation of Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, net income (loss) and diluted EPS, respectively. Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) $0.18 $0.21 $0.17 $1.01 $0.37 $0.42 $0.61 $0.66 $0.38 Year-over-year change +$10 Sequential change ($259) Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal Q4 2024 Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal was $0.54 $1.9B or $2.07 of Diluted EPS LTM

investors.robinhood.com 20 $247 $301 $268 $613 $470 $549 $742 $761 $534 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Adjusted EBITDA increased 14% year-over-year to $534 million in Q1 and grew to a record $2.6 billion over the last twelve months Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, net income and net margin. Year-over-year change +$64 Sequential change ($227) In millions Adjusted EBITDA Margin 50%58%56%51%60%42%44%40% 59% $2.6B (56% margin) over the last twelve months

investors.robinhood.com 21 Rule of 401 results demonstrate the power of our business model (1) Defined as year-over-year change in total net revenues plus Adjusted EBITDA Margin in a given period. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for the reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA Margin to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net margin. 60% 59% 75% 52% 42% 51% 53% 56% 56% 56% 111% 112% 131% 108% 98% Y/Y Change in Total Net RevenuesAdjusted EBITDA MarginRule of 40¹ Q1'25 LTM Q2'25 LTM Q3'25 LTM Q4'25 LTM Q1'26 LTM 40%

investors.robinhood.com 22 With over $5B in corporate cash, investments, and stablecoin1, we are well positioned to continue deploying capital In billions • Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.2 billion of corporate cash, investments, and stablecoin1 today, as well as $4.9 billion in available lines of credit. • We believe the strength of our balance sheet gives us the flexibility to run our business while investing for future growth. • We will continue to look to drive growth and shareholder value by allocating capital across: • Organic growth • M&A • Shareholder returns $5.3 $5.1 $5.1 $5.1 $4.6 $4.3 $4.4 $4.6 $5.2 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-over-year change +$0.6 Sequential change +$0.6 (1) Includes cash and cash equivalents, investments, and stablecoin. For more information on our investments and stablecoin, see Note - Investments and Fair Value Measurement to our consolidated financial statements in our 2025 10-K, and, once filed, our Q1 2026 10-Q.

investors.robinhood.com 23 ~$1,497M Refreshed $1.5B Share Repurchase Program² $322 $124 $107 $100 $250 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 In Q1, we returned $250 million to shareholders by repurchasing 3.1 million of our shares1, and since starting our initial repurchase program, have returned $1.2 billion by repurchasing 25 million shares Share Repurchases In millions (1) Shares of our Class A common stock. (2) The new repurchase program replaced the Company’s prior share repurchase authorizations previously approved by the Board (the “Prior Repurchase Program”) and is inclusive of amounts that remained available for repurchase under the Prior Repurchase Program which were rolled over into the new repurchase program, and represents more than $1.1 billion of incremental capacity. Diluted Shares (In millions) 920 918 922 921 923 Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 ~$3M Deployed Includes ~2 million shares repurchased to offset shares issued in connection with the acquisition of TradePMR • Since starting our initial repurchase program in Q3 2024, we have repurchased 25 million of our shares for $1.2 billion as of the end of Q1 2026 at an average price per share of ~$46, including 3.1 million shares for $250 million in Q1 2026 at an average price per share of ~$81. • In March 2026, our Board of Directors refreshed our share repurchase authorization to $1.5 billion, which we expect to execute over approximately the next three years with flexibility to accelerate if market conditions warrant. As of 3/31/2026 Remaining

Appendix

investors.robinhood.com 25 March 2026 Monthly Metrics See the Appendix for definitions. Monthly percentage change represents the most recent calendar month as compared to the immediately preceding calendar month. Yearly percentage change represents the most recent calendar month as compared to the same month of the prior year. (1) Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. (2) Refer to Appendix for the definition of Notional Trading Volume. Average Daily Trading Volumes defined as Total Trading Volume in a given period divided by the applicable number of trading days in said period. (3) Crypto DARTs do not include Bitstamp Institutional activity. (4) Starting in December 2025, includes Robinhood Banking balances. In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending. Under the updated program, the first $10 thousand in enrolled balances per eligible customer are held as free credit balances where the customer continues to earn the same interest rate. This resulted in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to free credit balances in February 2026. Refer to Appendix for definition of Cash and Deposits. (5) Refer to Appendix for definition of Total Securities Lending Revenue and Securities Lending, Net. 2025 2026 Change Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar M/M Y/Y Funded Customer Growth (M) Funded Customers 25.6 25.8 25.9 25.9 26.5 26.7 26.7 26.8 27.1 26.9 27.0 27.2 27.4 27.4 - 6% Asset Growth ($B) Total Platform Assets $187.4 $220.6 $232.3 $255.3 $278.6 $298.0 $303.9 $332.7 $342.6 $324.5 $322.1 $324.4 $314.2 $307.3 (2%) 39% Net Deposits1 $4.8 $7.6 $6.8 $3.5 $3.5 $6.4 $4.8 $9.2 $5.6 $7.1 $3.2 $4.5 $5.6 $7.6 NM NM Trading Equities and Options Trading Days 19.0 21.0 21.0 21.0 20.0 21.5 21.0 21.0 23.0 18.5 21.5 20.0 19.0 22.0 16% 5% Crypto and Prediction Markets Trading Days 28 31 30 31 30 31 31 30 31 30 31 31 28 31 11% Total Trading Volumes Equity ($B) $142.9 $125.6 $157.8 $180.5 $179.1 $209.1 $199.2 $238.8 $320.1 $201.5 $188.6 $227.3 $194.4 $216.1 11% 72% Options Contracts (M) 165.6 167.9 167.5 179.8 168.1 195.8 195.5 218.8 266.7 193.2 199.4 200.0 180.3 205.9 14% 23% Crypto ($B) $14.4 $11.3 $8.6 $11.7 $14.7 $28.7 $28.1 $23.5 $32.5 $28.6 $21.2 $22.9 $25.0 $17.8 (29%) 58% Robinhood App ($B) $14.4 $11.3 $8.6 $11.7 $8.0 $16.8 $13.7 $9.3 $13.9 $12.0 $8.1 $8.7 $9.4 $5.7 (39%) (50%) Bitstamp ($B) - - - - $6.7 $11.9 $14.4 $14.2 $18.6 $16.6 $13.1 $14.2 $15.6 $12.1 (22%) NA Event Contracts (B) - 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.3 0.3 1.7 2.5 3.0 2.9 3.4 2.4 3.0 25% NM Average Daily Trading Volumes² Equity ($B) $7.5 $6.0 $7.5 $8.6 $9.0 $9.7 $9.5 $11.4 $13.9 $10.9 $8.8 $11.4 $10.2 $9.8 (4%) 63% Options Contracts (M) 8.7 8.0 8.0 8.6 8.4 9.1 9.3 10.4 11.6 10.4 9.3 10.0 9.5 9.4 (1%) 18% Crypto ($M) $514 $365 $287 $377 $490 $926 $906 $783 $1,048 $953 $684 $739 $893 $574 (36%) 57% Robinhood App ($B) $514 $365 $287 $377 $267 $542 $442 $310 $448 $400 $261 $281 $336 $184 (45%) (50%) Bitstamp ($B) - - - - $223 $384 $465 $473 $600 $553 $423 $458 $557 $390 (30%) NA Event Contracts (M) - 10 7 10 13 10 10 57 81 100 94 110 86 97 13% NM Daily Average Revenue Trades (DARTs) (M) Equity 2.4 2.3 2.3 2.3 2.6 2.7 2.5 3.0 3.1 2.7 2.7 2.8 2.6 2.8 8% 22% Options 1.2 1.1 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.3 1.1 1.3 1.3 1.2 (8%) 9% Crypto3 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.4 (20%) (33%) Interest Earning Assets ($B) Margin Book $8.7 $8.8 $8.4 $9.0 $9.5 $11.4 $12.5 $13.9 $16.5 $16.8 $16.8 $18.4 $17.2 $17.0 (1%) 93% Cash and Deposits4 $9.9 $9.8 $11.4 $12.1 $14.0 $14.6 $14.3 $14.4 $14.7 $12.1 $11.0 $11.7 $16.5 $16.7 1% 70% Cash Sweep4 $26.2 $28.2 $28.9 $30.8 $32.7 $33.6 $34.1 $35.4 $34.2 $32.5 $32.8 $31.5 $25.8 $26.0 1% (8%) Securities Lending ($M) T o t a l S e c u r i t i e s L e n d i n g R e v e n u e ⁵ $22 $24 $25 $33 $54 $61 $53 $59 $60 $34 $38 $34 $25 $33 32% 38% S e c u r i t i e s L e n d i n g , N e t ⁵ $6 $7 $9 $13 $32 $37 $24 $26 $24 $— $2 $4 ($1) $1 NM (86%)

investors.robinhood.com 26 March 2026 Monthly Metrics Dashboard Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 Funded Customers In millions Total Platform Assets In $ billions Net Deposits1 In $ billions Cash Sweep2 In $ billions Mar-26 27.4M +80k M/M +1.66M Y/Y Mar-26 $307B (2%) M/M +39% Y/Y Mar-26 $7.6B 29% Annualized Growth $67.8B LTM 31% LTM Growth Mar-26 $26.0B +1% M/M (8%) Y/Y Totals may not foot due to rounding. (1) Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. (2) Starting in December 2025, includes Robinhood Banking balances. In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending. Under the updated program, the first $10 thousand in enrolled balances per eligible customer are held as free credit balances where the customer continues to earn the same interest rate. This resulted in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to free credit balances in February 2026.

investors.robinhood.com 27 March 2026 Monthly Metrics Dashboard (Continued) Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 Equity Notional Volumes In $ billions Options Contracts Traded In millions Crypto Notional Volumes2 In $ billions Margin Book In $ billions Mar-26 $216B +11% M/M +72% Y/Y $9.8B Avg. Daily Volumes1 (4%) M/M, +63% Y/Y Mar-26 206M +14% M/M +23% Y/Y 9.4M Avg. Daily Volumes1 (1%) M/M, +18% Y/Y Mar-26 $17.8B (29%) M/M +58% Y/Y $574M Avg. Daily Volumes1 (36%) M/M, +57% Y/Y Mar-26 $17.0B (1%) M/M +93% Y/Y (1) Average daily volumes (“ADVs”) defined as Total Trading Volume in a given period divided by the applicable number of trading days in said period. (2) Refer to Appendix for the definition of Notional Trading Volume. ADVs ($M)1 514 365 287 377 267 542 442 310 448 400 261 281 336 184 - - - - 223 384 465 473 600 553 423 458 557 390

investors.robinhood.com 28 Changes in Funded Customers and Total Platform Assets Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Beginning Funded Customers 23.4 23.9 24.2 24.3 25.2 25.8 26.5 26.8 27.0 New Customers 0.5 0.5 0.4 0.8 0.7 0.6 0.7 0.6 0.7 Resurrected Customers 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.3 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.1 Acquired customers — — — — 0.1 0.5 — — — Churned Customers (0.2) (0.3) (0.4) (0.2) (0.4) (0.5) (0.5) (0.6) (0.4) Ending Funded Customers 23.9 24.2 24.3 25.2 25.8 26.5 26.8 27.0 27.4 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Beginning balance $102.6 $129.6 $139.7 $152.2 $192.9 $220.6 $278.6 $332.7 $322.1 Acquired assets — — — — 42.9 8.9 — — — Net Deposits 11.2 13.2 10.0 16.1 18.0 13.8 20.4 15.9 17.7 Net market gains (losses) 15.8 (3.1) 2.5 24.6 (33.2) 35.3 33.7 (26.5) (32.5) Ending balance $129.6 $139.7 $152.2 $192.9 $220.6 $278.6 $332.7 $322.1 $307.3 Funded Customers In millions Total Platform Assets In billions

investors.robinhood.com 29 Net Cash Held by Users Reconciliation In billions Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Gold Cash Sweep1,2 $18.2 $20.3 $23.9 $25.4 $26.4 $30.7 $33.5 $31.6 $24.7 Non-Gold Cash Sweep (excluding TradePMR) 0.8 0.6 0.6 0.7 0.6 0.8 0.8 — — Total Cash Sweep (excluding TradePMR) $19.0 $20.9 $24.5 $26.1 $27.0 $31.5 $34.3 $31.6 $24.7 Free Credit Balances and Other2 5.8 5.7 6.1 7.2 7.0 10.3 12.0 11.8 16.9 Total cash held by users $24.8 $26.6 $30.6 $33.3 $34.0 $41.8 $46.3 $43.4 $41.6 Receivables from Users (4.1) (5.0) (5.5) (8.0) (8.8) (9.3) (13.8) (16.8) (16.9) Net cash held by users $20.7 $21.6 $25.1 $25.3 $25.2 $32.5 $32.5 $26.6 $24.7 Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 (1) Starting in December 2025, includes Robinhood Banking balances. (2) In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending. Under the updated program, the first $10 thousand in enrolled balances per eligible customer are held as free credit balances where the customer continues to earn the same interest rate. This resulted in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to free credit balances in February 2026.

investors.robinhood.com 30 Customers placing trades +2% Y/Y (4%) Q/Q Avg. notional volume per trader +45% Y/Y (5%) Q/Q Customers placing trades (4%) Y/Y (10%) Q/Q Contracts per trader +20% Y/Y (2%) Q/Q Customers placing trades (32%) Y/Y (11%) Q/Q Avg. notional volume per trader (22%) Y/Y (18%) Q/Q Trading Volumes for Q1 2026 Equity Notional Volumes Options Contracts Traded Robinhood App Crypto Notional Volumes1 Up 54% Y/Y and down 10% Q/Q Driven by: Up 17% Y/Y and down 11% Q/Q Driven by: Down 48% Y/Y and down 30% Q/Q Driven by: Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 (1) Refer to Appendix for the definition of Notional Trading Volume. Customers placing trades (27%) Q/Q Avg. notional volume per trader +24% Q/Q Bitstamp Crypto Notional Volumes1 Down 13% Q/Q Driven by:

investors.robinhood.com 31 0.3 1.0 2.3 8.5 8.8 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 3.4 11.1 9.1 16.7 20.1 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 10.4 16.9 24.8 29.3 29.4 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 New trading products continue to scale, as Index Options, Futures, and Event Contracts reached new quarterly records in Q1 Index Options Contracts Traded1 In millions of contracts Futures Contracts Traded In millions of contracts Event Contracts Traded In billions of contracts Roughly flat Q/Q Up 20% Q/Q Up 4% Q/Q (1) Index Options Contracts Traded are included in Options Contracts Traded. Refer to Appendix for the definition of Options Contracts Traded.

investors.robinhood.com 32 Crypto Notional Trading Volumes1 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Sequential change Crypto Notional Trading Volumes ($B) Robinhood App 39.8 34.0 23.8 (30%) Bitstamp 40.5 48.4 41.9 (13%) Retail 4.9 4.6 2.7 (41%) Institutional 35.6 43.8 39.2 (11%) Crypto Notional Trading Volumes 80.3 82.4 65.7 (20%) Crypto Transaction-Based Revenues ($M) Robinhood App 252 204 121 (41%) Bitstamp 16 17 13 (24%) Crypto Transaction-Based Revenues 268 221 134 (39%) (1) Refer to Appendix for the definition of Notional Trading Volume.

investors.robinhood.com 33 Starting in April 2026, we will evolve our monthly reporting from Daily Average Revenue Trades (DARTs) to Daily Average Trades (DATs)1 to align with peer reporting (1) Refer to Appendix for definition of Daily Average Trades (DATs). (2) Equity DATs include fractional and advisory trades that were not previously included in Equity DARTs. (3) Crypto DARTs do not include Bitstamp Institutional activity. (4) Crypto DATs include all Bitstamp trades, including institutional activity that was not previously included in DARTs. 2025 2026 Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Equity (M) DARTs 2.6 2.4 2.3 2.3 2.3 2.6 2.7 2.5 3.0 3.1 2.7 2.7 2.8 2.6 2.8 DATs2 3.3 3.2 3.0 3.3 3.1 3.5 3.7 3.6 4.1 4.4 3.9 3.6 4.2 4.0 4.0 Options (M) - No Change DARTs 1.1 1.2 1.1 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.3 1.1 1.3 1.3 1.2 DATs 1.1 1.2 1.1 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.3 1.1 1.3 1.3 1.2 Crypto (M) DARTs3 0.9 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.4 DATs4 0.9 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.7 1.1 1.0 1.0 1.1 1.1 0.9 1.0 1.1 0.7 Total DATs (M) Equity DATs2 3.3 3.2 3.0 3.3 3.1 3.5 3.7 3.6 4.1 4.4 3.9 3.6 4.2 4.0 4.0 Options DATs 1.1 1.2 1.1 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.3 1.1 1.3 1.3 1.2 Crypto DATs4 0.9 0.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.7 1.1 1.0 0.9 1.1 1.1 0.9 1.0 1.1 0.7 Total DATs 5.3 5.1 4.7 5.0 4.8 5.3 5.9 5.8 6.3 6.9 6.3 5.6 6.5 6.4 5.9 Total DARTs 4.6 4.3 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.2 4.5 4.3 4.8 5.1 4.6 4.3 4.6 4.4 4.4 Total DATs vs. Total DARTs +0.7 +0.8 +0.7 +1.0 +0.8 +1.1 +1.4 +1.5 +1.5 +1.8 +1.7 +1.3 +1.9 +2.0 +1.5

investors.robinhood.com 34 0.1 1.6 Q4'25 Q1'26 0.4 0.9 1.3 1.5 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 90 115 Q2'24Q3'24Q4'24Q1'25Q2'25Q3'25Q4'25Q1'26 We are deepening relationships and growing our share of wallet with customers as we deliver innovative wealth management products Robinhood Gold Card Cardholders In thousands Robinhood Banking Balances In $ billions Robinhood Strategies Assets Under Management In $ billions Up ~4x Y/Y and up 25% Q/Q Up ~$1.5B Q/Q Up 18% Q/Q Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 Funded Customers (in thousands) 15 110 Funded Customers (in thousands) 95 160 210 270 Total Robinhood Gold Card Balances (in $ billions) NM 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.6 0.9 1.1

investors.robinhood.com 35 Monthly Active Users (MAU) decreased by 0.9 million year-over-year to 13.5 million in Q1 Year-over-year change (0.9) Sequential change +0.5 In millions 14.4 12.8 13.8 13.0 13.5

investors.robinhood.com 36 Annualized revenue per employee was $1.4 million in Q1, down 8% year-over-year Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-over-year change Sequential change End of period Employee Count1 2,492 2,827 2,972 2,944 3,029 +22% +3% Total Net Revenues (in millions) $927 $989 $1,274 $1,283 $1,067 +15% (17%) Average Employee Count 2,395 2,660 2,900 2,958 2,987 +25% +1% Annualized revenue per employee (in thousands)2 $1,548 $1,487 $1,758 $1,735 $1,429 (8%) (18%) (1) Q1 2025 reflected the addition of ~150 employees as a result of the acquisition of TradePMR, and Q2 2025 reflected the addition of ~350 employees as a result of the acquisition of Bitstamp. (2) Annualized revenue per employee is calculated by multiplying total net revenues by four and dividing by average employee count for a given quarter.

investors.robinhood.com 37 In Q1 2026, we recorded $57 million of contra revenues associated with matches on customer transfers and deposits and allocated them on a proportional basis Customer Match Contra Revenue Allocation in millions Customer Match Amortization Detail Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Transaction-based revenues Options ($26) ($24) ($26) ($28) Equities (6) (6) (7) (9) Cryptocurrencies (8) (9) (8) (6) Other (2) (3) (7) (7) Net interest revenues Cash Sweep ($3) ($3) ($3) ($2) Other revenues (3) (4) (4) (5) Total customer match contra revenue ($48) ($49) ($55) ($57) Customer Transfer and Contribution Matches • The customer match program started in 2023, first with matches on IRA contributions in Q1 2023 and then with matches on asset transfers from other brokerages in Q4 2023. • Since the start of the program through Q1 2026, we’ve provided customers with ~$992M of matches. This includes an additional $172M of matches in Q1 2026 (and customers also returned $15M of matches in Q1). • In Q1 2026, we amortized $44M of matches. At the end of Q1 2026, we had ~$692M of unamortized matches remaining with a weighted average amortization of approximately 4 years. Gold Deposit Boosts • The Gold deposit boost program started in June 2024, and we wound down the program in November of 2024. • Since the start of the program, we have paid out $115M of Gold deposit boosts, including $13M in Q1. • The majority of the remaining Gold deposit boosts earned by customers prior to the end of the program will be paid out over a period of 8 months.

investors.robinhood.com 38 Net interest revenues were $359 million in Q1, up 24% year-over-year In millions Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-overyear change Sequential change Interest on corporate cash and investments1 $70 $66 $67 $53 $49 $46 $39 $33 $34 (31%) +3% Margin interest2 72 73 83 91 110 114 153 196 193 +75% (2%) Interest on segregated cash and securities, and deposits3 58 68 61 74 56 77 103 83 58 +4% (30%) Cash sweep4 39 44 46 50 48 60 64 57 45 (6%) (21%) Securities lending, net5 15 34 19 26 23 54 87 26 4 (83%) (85%) Credit card, net6 6 6 4 8 10 13 17 24 32 +220% +33% Interest expenses related to credit facilities7 (6) (6) (6) (6) (6) (8) (8) (10) (8) +33% (20%) Other — — — — — 1 1 2 1 NM (50%) Total net interest revenues $254 $285 $274 $296 $290 $357 $456 $411 $359 +24% (13%) The following summarizes each revenue line item presented above and, where applicable, the types of assets generating the revenue. (1) Interest on corporate cash and investments - Interest earned on corporate cash and cash equivalents and investments. (2) Margin interest - Interest paid by customers on margin balances. (3) Interest on segregated cash and securities, and deposits - Interest earned on cash and securities segregated under federal and other regulations, which includes cash collateral for Margin Securities Lending program, and deposits with clearing organizations. (4) Cash sweep - Interest earned on off-balance sheet Cash Sweep balances. (5) Securities lending, net - Revenue from the Margin Securities Lending program and the Fully-Paid Securities Lending program (net of Fully-Paid Securities Lending revenue shared with participating customers). (6) Credit card, net - Primarily comprise interest earned on customer credit card loan balances net of interest paid to financing partners. (7) Interest expenses related to credit facilities - Interest payments related to Robinhood’s credit facilities.

investors.robinhood.com 39 Margin Book Cash and deposits(1) Cash Sweep (off-balance sheet) Credit card, net(2) Total interestearning assets Securities lending, net Interest expenses related to credit facilities(5) Other Total net interest revenues March 31, 2026 $16,953 $16,669 $26,023 $1,132 $60,777 December 31, 2025 $16,823 $10,995 $32,786 $1,040 $61,644 Average(3) $17,344 $13,974 $29,019 $1,084 $61,421 Q1 2026 Revenue (Expense) $193 $92 $45 $32 $362 $4 ($8) $1 $359 Q1 2026 Annualized Yield(4) 4.45% 2.63% 0.62% 11.81% 2.36% 2.34% December 31, 2025 $16,823 $10,995 $32,786 $1,040 $61,644 September 30, 2025 $13,938 $14,352 $35,370 $742 $64,402 Average(3) $16,027 $13,048 $33,721 $901 $63,697 Q4 2025 Revenue (Expense) $196 $116 $57 $24 $393 $26 ($10) $2 $411 Q4 2025 Annualized Yield(4) 4.89% 3.56% 0.68% 10.65% 2.48% 2.58% Total interest earning assets were ~$61B at the end of Q1, and average yield decreased by 12 bps sequentially In millions, except for annualized yields Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 (1) Includes cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and securities under federal and other regulations, deposits with clearing organizations, and investments. (2) Credit card, net consists of i) an off-balance sheet amount representing customer principal amounts funded by Coastal Bank under the Program Agreement. Under the Program Agreement, Robinhood Credit collects interest from customers that carry a balance and pays interest on the amount funded by Coastal Bank, with the difference between those amounts resulting in net interest revenue and ii) an on-balance sheet amount representing purchased credit card receivables by the Credit Card Funding Trust. Robinhood Credit collects interest from customers that carry balances and pays interest on the amount funded through the Credit Card Funding Trust, with the difference in those amounts resulting in net interest revenues. As of March 31, 2026, the off-balance sheet amount funded under the Program agreement was $216 million and the on-balance sheet amount was $916 million. (3) Average balance rows represent the simple average of month-end balances in a given period. (4) Annualized yield is calculated by annualizing revenue for the given period and dividing by the applicable average asset balance. (5) Includes interest expenses related to our revolving credit facilities; interest expense related to the Credit Card Funding Trust is included in the credit card, net interest yield calculation.

investors.robinhood.com 40 In billions In Q1, Interest Earning Assets grew 29% year-over-year to $61 billion +52% +1% +72% +93% (2%)+29% +175% +10% Sequential change Year-overyear change $0.2 $0.3 $0.2 (21%)(8%) Includes corporate cash, investments, and segregated cash $0.4 Robinhood Earnings Presentation Q1 2026 $0.4 $0.6 (1) Includes cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and securities under federal and other regulations, deposits with clearing organizations, and investments. (2) Credit card, net consists of i) an off-balance sheet amount representing customer principal amounts funded by Coastal Bank under the Program Agreement. Under the Program Agreement, Robinhood Credit collects interest from customers that carry a balance and pays interest on the amount funded by Coastal Bank, with the difference between those amounts resulting in net interest revenue and ii) an on-balance sheet amount representing purchased credit card receivables by the Credit Card Funding Trust. Robinhood Credit collects interest from customers that carry balances and pays interest on the amount funded through the Credit Card Funding Trust, with the difference in those amounts resulting in net interest revenues. As of March 31, 2026, the off-balance sheet amount funded under the Program agreement was $216 million and the on-balance sheet amount was $916 million. $0.7 $1.0 $1.1 $19.0 $20.9 $24.5 $26.1 $28.2 $32.7 $35.4 $32.8 $26.0 $10.3 $10.2 $11.1 $9.9 $9.7 $14.0 $14.3 $11.0 $16.7$4.1 $5.0 $5.5 $7.9 $8.8 $9.5 $13.9 $16.8 $17.0 $34 $36 $41 $44 $47 $57 $64 $62 $61 Cash Sweep (off-balance sheet)Cash and deposits¹Margin Book Credit card, net² Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 In February 2026, we updated our brokerage HighYield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending, resulting in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to Cash and Deposits in the form of customer free credit balances

investors.robinhood.com 41 Total securities lending revenue increased by 30% year-over-year to $92 million in Q1, and Funded Customers enrolled in fully-paid securities lending increased by 41% In millions, unless specified Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-over-year change Sequential change Total securities lending revenue (including interest on cash collateral that is partially used to fund margin balances) $71 $112 $173 $132 $92 +30% (30%) Securities lending, net (shown on p. 15)1 $23 $54 $87 $26 $4 (83%) (85%) Fully-Paid Securities Lending Metrics Funded Customers Enrolled (end of period, in millions) 4.6 5.1 5.6 6.1 6.5 +41% +7% Equity Total Platform Assets Enrolled (end of period, in billions) $40.3 $52.1 $68.8 $75.9 $73.6 +83% (3%) (1) Securities lending, net decreased sequentially in Q1 2026 primarily due to reduced demand for hard-to-borrow securities.

investors.robinhood.com 42 Fully diluted shares decreased by ~1% year-over-year as we continue to repurchase shares over time and closely manage share-based compensation Price per Class A Share (End of period) $41.62 $93.63 $143.18 $113.20 $69.30 In millions, except prices and percentages March 31, 2025 June 30, 2025 September 30, 2025 December 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026 Year-over-year change Class A shares outstanding 767.9 771.9 784.3 790.3 791.1 Class B shares outstanding 116.7 116.3 114.3 111.0 110.1 Basic shares 884.6 888.2 898.6 901.3 901.2 +1.9% Employee time-based RSUs outstanding 17.1 14.0 10.7 7.6 10.6 Employee stock options outstanding (in-the-money)1 6.1 4.7 3.5 3.0 2.5 Investor warrants (all at $26.60/share) outstanding (in-the-money) 12.1 10.8 9.1 8.7 8.7 Diluted shares2 919.9 917.7 921.9 920.6 923.0 +0.3% Founders' pre-IPO market-based RSUs outstanding but not eligible to vest3 11.1 6.9 — — — Fully diluted shares2 931.0 924.6 921.9 920.6 923.0 (0.9%) (1) In addition, employees hold purchase rights under the Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP). Historical issuances under the ESPP were 1.6M shares in May 2024, 0.7M shares in November 2024, 0.6M shares in May 2025, and 0.2M shares in November 2025. (2) Please note that under GAAP, for any period with a net loss, diluted EPS is calculated using basic shares; for any period with net income, diluted EPS is calculated using the treasury method for diluted shares, which may cause differences compared to diluted shares shown in this schedule dependent on Robinhood's share price. (3) The Founders' pre-IPO market-based RSUs become eligible to vest if our trailing 60-trading-day average daily VWAP reaches the following price points by 12/31/2025: $50.75 - 4.2M shares; $101.50 - 6.9M shares. All pre-IPO market-based RSUs fully vested in Q3 2025 following the achievement of price targets in Q2 and Q3.

investors.robinhood.com 43 Adjusted Operating Expenses and Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC Reconciliation In millions Operating expenses (GAAP) Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Brokerage and transaction $35 $40 $39 $50 $50 $48 $56 $57 $60 Technology and development 196 209 205 208 214 214 237 232 241 Operations 28 28 27 29 31 29 33 37 38 Provision for credit losses1 16 18 23 19 24 28 26 36 36 Marketing 67 64 59 82 105 99 102 93 107 General and administration 118 134 133 70 133 132 185 178 174 Total operating expenses $460 $493 $486 $458 $557 $550 $639 $633 $656 Less: SBC Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Brokerage and transaction $2 $3 $2 $2 $2 $3 $2 $3 $3 Technology and development 44 52 48 48 44 39 40 36 40 Operations 2 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 Marketing 2 1 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 General and administration 12 28 25 23 24 32 33 33 46 Total SBC $62 $86 $79 $77 $73 $78 $78 $76 $92 Less: Provision for credit losses Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Provision for credit losses1 $— $— $— $— $24 $28 $26 $36 $36 Total provision for credit losses $— $— $— $— $24 $28 $26 $36 $36 Less: Significant legal and tax settlements and reserves Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 General and administration $— $— $10 ($50) $— $— $— $— $— Total significant legal and tax settlements and reserves $— $— $10 ($50) $— $— $— $— $— Adjusted Operating Expenses (Non-GAAP) Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Brokerage and transaction $33 $37 $37 $48 $48 $45 $54 $54 $57 Technology and development 152 157 157 160 170 175 197 196 201 Operations 26 26 26 27 30 27 32 35 37 Provision for credit losses1 16 18 23 19 — — — — — Marketing 65 63 56 80 103 97 100 91 105 General and administration 106 106 98 97 109 100 152 145 128 Total Adjusted Operating Expenses $398 $407 $397 $431 $460 $444 $535 $521 $528 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC (Non-GAAP) Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Adjusted Operating Expenses $398 $407 $397 $431 $460 $444 $535 $521 $528 Add: SBC excluding CFO transition 62 86 79 77 73 78 78 76 79 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC $460 $493 $476 $508 $533 $522 $613 $597 $607 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation. The impact of these reclassifications is immaterial to the presentation of the financials taken as a whole. (1) Starting in Q1 2025, Adjusted Operating Expenses and Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC no longer include provision for credit losses.

investors.robinhood.com 44 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Reconciliations In millions Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Net income (loss) attributable to Robinhood $157 $188 $150 $916 $336 $386 $556 $605 $350 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests — — — — — — — — (4) Net Income 157 188 150 916 336 386 556 605 346 Net margin1 25% 28% 24% 90% 36% 39% 44% 47% 32% Add: Interest expenses related to credit facilities 6 6 6 6 6 8 8 10 8 Add: Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 5 3 3 (358) 35 56 78 56 65 Add: Depreciation and amortization 17 18 20 22 20 21 22 23 23 EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $185 $215 $179 $586 $397 $471 $664 $694 $442 Add: SBC 62 86 79 77 73 78 78 76 92 Significant legal and tax settlements and reserves — — 10 (50) — — — — — Unrealized gains in non-marketable equity securities2 — — — — — — — (9) — Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $247 $301 $268 $613 $470 $549 $742 $761 $534 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (Non-GAAP)3 40% 44% 42% 60% 51% 56% 58% 59% 50% (1) Net margin is calculated as net income (loss) divided by total net revenues. (2) For the three months ended December 31, 2025, unrealized gains in non-marketable equity securities were primarily related to investments held by Robinhood Ventures Fund I("RVI"). Following the IPO, we continue to consolidate RVI and hold approximately 52% of RVI as of March 31, 2026, with the remaining interest held by public shareholders. (3) Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total net revenues.

investors.robinhood.com 45 Incremental Net Income and Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margins In millions Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25 Q4'25 Q1'26 Year-over-year change in total net revenues +$309 +$307 +$637 +$269 +$140 Year-over-year change in net income +$179 +$198 +$406 ($311) +$10 Incremental net income margins1 58% 64% 64% NM 7% Year-over-year change in Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) +$223 +$248 +$474 +$148 +$64 Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margins (non-GAAP)2 72% 81% 74% 55% 46% (1) Defined as year-over-year change in net income divided by year-over-year change in total net revenues. (2) Defined as year-over-year change in Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) divided by year-over-year change in total net revenues.

investors.robinhood.com 46 Q4'24 Diluted EPS (GAAP) $1.01 Less: Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal1 (0.47) EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal (Non-GAAP) $0.54 Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal Reconciliations Q4'24 Net income (GAAP) $916 Less: Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal1 (424) Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal (Non-GAAP) $492 Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal In millions Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal (1) In Q4 2024, the Company recorded a $369 million deferred tax benefit ($0.41 of diluted EPS), primarily from the release of the Company's valuation allowance on most of its net deferred tax assets, as well as a $55 million benefit ($0.06 of diluted EPS) due to a reversal of an accrual as part of a regulatory settlement. Together, these items represented a $424 million benefit ($0.47 of diluted EPS) in Q4 2024.

investors.robinhood.com 47 Definitions Key Performance Metrics Funded Customers We define a Funded Customer as a unique person who has at least one account with a Robinhood entity and, within the past 45 calendar days (a) had an account balance that was greater than zero (excluding amounts that are deposited into a Funded Customer account by the Company with no action taken by the unique person) or (b) completed a transaction using any such account. Individuals who share a funded joint investing account (which launched in July 2024) are each considered to be a Funded Customer. Starting in Q1 2025, individuals who are customers of Registered Investment Advisors ("RIAs") that use the TradePMR platform, and, starting in June 2025, customers of Bitstamp are also considered Funded Customers. Total Platform Assets We define Total Platform Assets as the sum of the fair value of all equities, options, cryptocurrency, futures (including options on futures and swaps, including event contracts), cash held by users in their accounts, net of receivables from users (previously reported as Assets Under Custody), and any such assets managed by RIAs using TradePMR’s platform that are not custodied by Robinhood, as of a stated date or period end on a trade date basis. Net Deposits and net market gains (losses) drive the change in Total Platform Assets in any given period. Starting in June 2025, the fair value of all cryptocurrency includes cryptocurrency on Bitstamp. Total Platform Assets also include cryptocurrency lent through platform-enabled lending programs, where customers may recall such assets at any time through the platform. Assets Under Custody We define Assets Under Custody as Total Platform Assets, excluding assets managed by RIAs using TradePMR's platform that are not custodied by Robinhood, as of a stated date or period end on a trade date basis. Net Deposits We define Net Deposits as all cash deposits and asset transfers from customers, as well as dividends, interest, staking rewards, and cash or assets earned in connection with Company promotions (such as account transfer and retirement match incentives, free stock bonuses) received by customers, net of reversals, customer cash withdrawals, margin and lending interest, Robinhood Gold subscription fees, and assets transferred off of our platforms for a stated period. Prior to the second quarter of 2024, Net Deposits did not include inflows from cash or assets earned in connection with Company promotions and prior to January 2024, Net Deposits did not include inflows from dividends and interest or outflows from Robinhood Gold subscription fees and margin interest, although we have not restated amounts in prior periods as the impact to those figures was immaterial. Starting in June 2025, Net Deposits include results from Bitstamp. As previously disclosed, due to data limitations we did not include TradePMR client figures in our Net Deposits key performance metric prior to March 2026. Starting in March 2026, Net Deposits include results from TradePMR. Average Revenue Per User (“ARPU”) We define ARPU as total revenue for a given period divided by the average number of Funded Customers on the last day of that period and the last day of the immediately preceding period. Figures in this presentation represent ARPU annualized for each three-month period presented. Robinhood Gold Subscribers We define a Robinhood Gold Subscriber as a unique person who has at least one account with a Robinhood entity and who, as of the end of the relevant period (a) is subscribed to Robinhood Gold and (b) has made at least one Robinhood Gold subscription fee payment. Additional Operating Metrics Robinhood Retirement AUC We define Robinhood Retirement AUC as the total Assets Under Custody in traditional individual retirement accounts (“IRAs") and Roth IRAs. This does not include accounts with an RIA using TradePMR’s platform. Cash Sweep We define Cash Sweep as the period-end total amount of participating users’ uninvested brokerage and banking cash that has been automatically “swept” or moved from their accounts into deposits for their benefit at a network of program banks. This is an off-balance-sheet amount. Robinhood earns a net interest spread on Cash Sweep balances based on the interest rate offered by the banks less the interest rate given to users as stated in our program terms. This includes balances from customers of RIAs using TradePMR’s platform. In February 2026, we updated our brokerage High-Yield Cash program to fund growth in margin lending, resulting in over $6 billion of Cash Sweep balances moving to Cash and Deposits in the form of customer free credit balances. Margin Book We define Margin Book as our period-end aggregate outstanding margin loan balances receivable (i.e., the period-end total amount we are owed by customers on loans made for the purchase of securities, supported by a pledge of assets in their margin-enabled brokerage accounts). This includes margin loan balances from customers of RIAs using TradePMR’s platform. Notional Trading Volume We define Notional Trading Volume, or Notional Volume, for any specified asset class as the aggregate dollar value (purchase price or sale price as applicable) of trades executed in that asset class on our platforms over a specified period of time. Crypto Notional Volume includes both Robinhood App Notional Volume and, starting in June 2025, Bitstamp Notional Volume. Robinhood App Notional Volume represents the dollar value of executed crypto trades on the Robinhood platform over a specified period of time. Bitstamp Notional Volume represents the dollar value of executed crypto trades on the Bitstamp platform over a specified period of time. For example, each $1 of transaction value executed between a buyer and seller is counted as $1 of transaction value in the relevant period, rather than $2 if counted for each of the buyer and seller. Options Contracts Traded We define Options Contracts Traded as the total number of options contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time. Each contract generally entitles the holder to trade 100 shares of the underlying stock. Event Contracts Traded We define Event Contracts Traded as the total number of event contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time through our Prediction Markets Hub. Each contract can be traded at $0.01 increments up to $1 and is worth $1 upon settlement. Futures Contracts Traded We define Futures Contracts Traded as the total number of futures contracts bought or sold over a specified period of time. While contract specifications vary, futures contracts generally represent agreements to buy or sell an asset at a specific price at a future date. Event Contracts are not included within Futures Contracts Traded. Total Trading Volumes Total Trading Volumes represent Notional Trading Volumes for Equity and Crypto, and Options Contracts Traded for Options and Event Contracts Traded for Event Contracts. Monthly Active Users (“MAU”) We define MAUs as the number of unique persons who, using one or more accounts with a Robinhood entity, meet one of the following criteria at any point during a specified calendar month: a) executes a debit card or credit card transaction, b) transitions between two different screens on a mobile device while logged into their account or c) loads a page in a web browser while logged into their account. A person need not satisfy these conditions on a recurring monthly basis or be a Funded Customer to be included in MAU. MAU figures in this presentation reflect MAU for the last month of the relevant period presented. We utilize MAU to measure how many customers interact with our products and services during a given month. MAU does not measure the frequency or duration of the interaction, but we consider it a useful indicator for engagement. Additionally, MAUs are positively correlated with, but are not indicative of, the performance of revenue and other key performance indicators. Cash and Deposits We define Cash and Deposits as the period-end sum of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and securities under federal and other regulations, deposits with clearing organizations, and investments. Glossary Terms Churned Customers A Funded Customer is considered “Churned” if it was ever a New Funded Customer whose account balance (measured as the fair value of assets in the account less any amount due from the user and excluding amounts that are deposited into a Funded Customer account by the Company with no action taken by the unique person) drops to or below zero and has not completed a transaction using any account with a Robinhood entity for at least 45 consecutive calendar days. Negative balances typically result from Fraudulent Deposit Transactions (which occur when users initiate deposits into their accounts, make trades on our platforms using a short-term extension of credit from us, and then repatriate or reverse the deposits, resulting in a loss to us of the credited amount) and unauthorized debit card use, and less often, from margin loans. Daily Average Revenue Trades (“DARTs”) We define DARTs for any asset class as the total number of revenue generating retail trades for such asset class executed during a given period divided by the number of trading days for such asset class in that period. This does not include DARTs from Bitstamp Institutional. The monthly metrics slide discloses each month’s number of trading days for equities and options. For crypto, the number of trading days is equal to the number of calendar days in the month. Daily Average Trades (“DATs”) We define DATs for any asset class as the total number of trades for such asset class executed during a given period divided by the number of trading days for such asset class in that period. The monthly metrics slide discloses each month’s number of trading days for equities and options. For crypto, the number of trading days is equal to the number of calendar days in the month. Free Credit Balances and Other We define Free Credit Balances and Other as the period-end total amount of users' uninvested cash in their accounts that is not participating in the "Cash Sweep" program. Robinhood Gold Adoption Rate We define the Robinhood Gold adoption rate as end of period Robinhood Gold Subscribers divided by end of period Funded Customers. Growth Rate and Annualized Growth Rate with respect to Net Deposits Growth rate is calculated as aggregate Net Deposits over a specified 12-month period, divided by Total Platform Assets for the fiscal quarter that immediately precedes such 12-month period. Annualized growth rate is calculated as Net Deposits for a specified quarter multiplied by 4 and divided by Total Platform Assets for the immediately preceding quarter. Investment Accounts We define an Investment Account as a funded individual brokerage account, a funded joint investing account, a funded IRA, or an account with an RIA using TradePMR’s platform. Starting in September 2025, a Funded Customer can have multiple Investment Accounts - one or more individual brokerage accounts, a joint investing account, a traditional IRA, a Roth IRA, and/or an RIA custody account using TradePMR’s platform. Investment Accounts do not include Bitstamp as such accounts are not brokerage or other Investment Accounts. Net Cash Held by Users We Define Net Cash Held by Users as cash held by users in their accounts, net of receivables from users. New Funded Customers We define a New Funded Customer as a unique person who became a Funded Customer for the first time during the relevant period.

investors.robinhood.com 48 Q4 2024 Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal In Q4 2024, the Company recorded a $369 million deferred tax benefit ($0.41 of diluted EPS), primarily from the release of the Company's valuation allowance on most of its net deferred tax assets, as well as a $55 million benefit ($0.06 of diluted EPS) due to a reversal of an accrual as part of a regulatory settlement. Together, these items represented a $424 million benefit ($0.47 of diluted EPS) in Q4 2024. Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal is defined as GAAP net income minus the impact of the Q4 2024 Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal, and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal is defined as GAAP diluted EPS minus the impact of the Q4 2024 Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal. 2026 Outlook The paragraph below provides information on our 2026 expense plan and outlook. We are not providing a 2026 outlook for total operating expenses and have not reconciled our 2026 outlook for Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, total operating expenses, because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the impact of certain items without unreasonable effort. These items include, but are not limited to, provision for credit losses and significant regulatory expenses which may be material and could have a significant impact on total operating expenses for 2026. As previously disclosed, our 2026 expense plan is designed to accelerate product velocity, drive Net Deposit growth, and grow revenues. Our prior outlook for 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC provided at Q4 2025 Earnings (February 10, 2026) was $2.6 billion to $2.725 billion. We now anticipate investing an additional $100 million to build and support the user interface for Trump Accounts, which was not included in our prior outlook. Our work for Trump Accounts is contracted on a cost plus basis with a small margin, so we expect revenues to exceed costs. As a result, our updated outlook for 2026 Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is $2.7 billion to $2.825 billion. This expense outlook does not include provision for credit losses, costs related to our pending acquisitions, costs related to the Rothera joint venture, costs from modifications of executive awards in connection with our CFO transition, potential significant regulatory matters, or other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and other business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that may arise or accruals we may determine in the future are required, as we are unable to accurately predict the size or timing of such matters, expenses or accruals at this time. Actual results might differ materially from our outlook due to several factors, including the rate of growth in Funded Customers and our effectiveness to cross-sell products which affects variable marketing costs, the degree to which we are successful in managing credit losses and preventing fraud, and our ability to manage web-hosting expenses efficiently, among other factors. See “NonGAAP Financial Measures” for more information on Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC, including significant items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses that would be adjusted out of total operating expenses (GAAP) to get to Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC (non-GAAP) should they occur. Definitions (Continued) Resurrected Customers A Funded Customer is considered “Resurrected” in a stated period if it was a Churned Customer as of the end of the immediately preceding period and its balance (excluding amounts that are deposited into a Funded Customer account by the Company with no action taken by the unique person) rises above zero or it completes a transaction using its account. Revenue per Employee Revenue per Employee is calculated by multiplying the quarterly total net revenues by four and dividing by average employee count for the quarter. Securities Lending, Net Securities Lending, Net includes net rebates for both margin based and fully paid securities lending, as well as interest on cash collateral for fully paid securities lending. It does not include interest on cash collateral for margin based securities lending. Total Securities Lending Revenue Total Securities Lending Revenue includes net rebates and interest on cash collateral for both margin based and fully paid securities lending. 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs We define 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs as the restricted stock units we granted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vlad Tenev, in 2019 under which vesting was conditioned upon both the achievement of share price targets and the continued employment over defined service periods. As of September 30, 2025, all of the remaining 2019 CEO Market-Based RSUs were fully vested. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business, allocate our resources and assess our performance. In addition to total net revenues, net income, and other results under GAAP, we utilize non-GAAP calculations of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Operating Expenses, Adjusted Operating Expenses and Share-Based Compensation ("SBC"), Q4 2024 Net Income Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal, and Q4 2024 EPS Prior to Tax Benefit and Regulatory Accrual Reversal. This non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We believe each of these non-GAAP measures provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations, as well as providing a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business performance and cost structure, as applicable. These nonGAAP measures are used by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to operating expenses, evaluate performance, and perform strategic planning and annual budgeting. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables included in this presentation. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Robinhood, excluding (i) net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, (ii) interest expenses related to credit facilities, (iii) provision for (benefit from) income taxes, (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) SBC, (vi) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, and (vii) other significant gains, losses, and expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing results. The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are non-cash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measurement used by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to operating expenses, evaluate performance, and perform strategic planning and annual budgeting. Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total net revenues. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is net margin (calculated as net income divided by total net revenues). Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margin Incremental Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as year-over-year change in Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) divided by year-over-year change in total net revenues. Adjusted Operating Expenses Adjusted Operating Expenses is defined as GAAP total operating expenses minus (i) SBC, (ii) provision for credit losses, (iii) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, and (iv) other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses) that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses. The amount and timing of the excluded items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Starting in Q1 2025, Adjusted Operating Expenses no longer includes provision for credit losses. Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC is defined as GAAP total operating expenses minus (i) provision for credit losses, (ii) significant legal and tax settlements and reserves, (iii) other significant expenses (such as impairments, restructuring charges, and business acquisition- or disposition-related expenses), that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing expenses, and (iv) SBC related to modifications of executive awards in connection with our CFO transition. The amount and timing of the excluded items are unpredictable, are not driven by core results of operations, and render comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Unlike Adjusted Operating Expenses, Adjusted Operating Expenses and SBC does not adjust for SBC except for in 2026 as it relates to modification of executive awards related to our CFO transition.

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Robinhood Markets, Inc. Q1 2026 Earnings Call Transcript Robinhood Participants ● Vladimir Tenev, Chairman and Chief Executive Oﬃcer ● Shiv Verma, Chief Financial Oﬃcer ● Chris Koegel, Vice President, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Other Participants ● Sebastian G., Retail Shareholder ● Matt S., Retail Shareholder ● Alex Markgraﬀ, KeyBanc, Analyst ● Daniel Fannon, Jeﬀeries, Analyst ● Jeﬀ John Roberts, Fortune, Media ● Devin Ryan, Citizens, Analyst ● Dan Dolev, Mizuho, Analyst ● Steven Chubak, Wolfe Research, Analyst ● Ben Budish, Barclays, Analyst ● Craig Siegenthaler, Bank of America, Analyst ● James Yaro, Goldman Sachs, Analyst ● Patrick Moley, Piper Sandler, Analyst ● Tannor, Future Investing, Finance Content Creator ● Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank, Analyst ● David Smith, Truist, Analyst ● John Todaro, Needham, Analyst ● Amit, Amit Is Investing, Finance Content Creator ● Ramsey El-Assal, Cantor Fitzgerald, Analyst ● Ed Engel, Compass Point, Analyst ● Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley, Analyst ● Roy, Crossroads, Finance Content Creator ● Craig Maurer, FT Partners, Analyst ● Evan, StockMKTNewz, Finance Content Creator Operator Thank you to everyone for joining Robinhood's Q1 2026 Earnings Call, whether you're tuning into the live stream

or

here

with

us

in

person.

With

us

today

are

Chairman

and

CEO

Vlad

Tenev,

CFO

Shiv

Verma,

and

VP

of

Corporate

Finance

and

Investor

Relations,

Chris

Koegel.

Vlad

and

Shiv

will

oﬀer

opening

remarks

and

then

open

the

call

to

Q&A.

During

the

Q&A

portion

of

the

call,

we

will

answer

questions

from

the

audience,

which

includes

institutional

research

analysts,

ﬁnance

content

creators

who

may

hold

an

ownership

position

in

Robinhood,

and

both

institutional

and

retail

shareholders. As a reminder, today's call will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results could diﬀer materially from

our

current

expectations,

and

we

may

not

provide

updates

unless

legally

required.

Potential

risk

factors

that

could

cause

diﬀerences,

including

regulatory

developments

that

we

continue

to

monitor,

are

described in the press release we issued today, the earnings presentation and our SEC ﬁlings, all of which

can

be

found

at

investors.robinhood.com. Today's discussion will also include non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures. Reconciliations to the GAAP measures

we

consider

most

directly

comparable

can

be

found

in

the

earnings

presentation.

With that, please welcome Vlad and Shiv. Vladimir Tenev Alright. How’s everyone doing? I’ve been told that this may be the ﬁrst ever outdoor earnings call in history.

Can

you

believe

that? Shiv Verma Very cool. Vladimir Tenev Shiv - they told us before we went public that earnings calls aren't going to be very much fun, that they’re

going

to

be

a

chore,

that,

actually,

being

public

wouldn’t

be

very

much

fun.

And

I

think

part

of

what

we’re

trying

to

do

is

improve

the

branding

of

being

a

public

company.

And

I

think

that’s

going

to

be

pretty

important.

The

branding

of

it

has

been

very

negative,

and

maybe

that’s

contributing

to

companies

staying

private

longer

and

longer,

and

retail

shareholders

being

left

out

of

all

of

those

potential

returns. So, yeah, hopefully you guys ﬁnd this informative and also entertaining, and we can shift the perception of

what

it

means

to

be

a

public

company

slowly

but

surely. So, we’re back at our HQ in Menlo Park with a growing audience of in-person folks - shareholders and analysts.

Thank

you

all

for

being

here. Before I get into the meat of Q1, I want to highlight a historic milestone in our mission to democratize ﬁnance

for

all

-

Trump

Accounts.

We

announced

a

few

weeks

ago

that

Robinhood

will

be

the

broker

and

sole

initial

trustee

for

the

Trump

Accounts,

under

the

direction

of

the

US

Department

of

the

Treasury.

And

over

5.5

million

American

children

are

already

signed

up,

and

over

million

are

eligible.

So, these children will now experience the power of equity ownership in the US stock market, which we believe

is

the

greatest

engine

of

wealth

creation

in

human

history.

It’s

an

incredible

honor

to

be

trusted

by

the

United

States

Department

of

the

Treasury

and

to

partner

with

BNY,

America’s

oldest

bank,

which

was

appointed

as

ﬁnancial

agent

to

manage

the

program.

And

by

developing

and

managing

the

new

Trump

Accounts

app,

we’re

getting

Robinhood

technology

in

front

of

the

next

generation

of

investors

-

[potentially]

million

of

them.

This is also a new way to extend Robinhood’s mission beyond just retail and institutional to helping governments

and

building

a

public

sector

business,

which

we

actually

see

as

a

big

opportunity

-

and

we

can

really

help

there.

Now,

our

hope

and

aspiration

is

that

this

should

be

the

best

technology

product

that

the

government

has

ever

built

or

been

associated

with.

So,

we’re

really

excited

about

this. Now, let’s get to Q1. As a reminder, we’re focused on a three-part strategy. Number one in active traders,

number

one

in

wallet

share

for

the

next

generation,

and,

of

course,

our

long-term

arc,

number

one

global

ﬁnancial

ecosystem. So, active traders. If you’re an active trader, we want you to feel like you’re at a disadvantage trading anywhere

besides

Robinhood.

So,

using

another

brokerage

or

another

ﬁnancial

platform,

that

should

be

an

irresponsible

and

irrational

decision.

That’s

the

goal.

So,

a

few

things

to

highlight

there.

As

we

continue

shipping

great

products

for

our

customers,

in

Q1

we

saw

record

levels

across

prediction

markets,

futures,

index

options,

shorting,

and

margin.

So,

our

active

traders

were

very

active.

We

saw

double-digit

year-over-year

growth

in

equity

and

options

volumes

as

well.

So,

that’s

been

great

to

see. Now, looking at prediction markets speciﬁcally, we’re really spending time getting ready for the Q2 launch

of

our

JV

with

Susquehanna.

This

is

our

exchange,

Rothera,

and

that’s

coming

later

this

quarter.

So,

very

excited

about

that.

Now,

today,

Robinhood

is

the

largest

retail

brokerage

ﬁrm

in

prediction

markets,

and

we’ve

been

one

of

the

ﬁrst

to

adopt

the

new

asset

class.

Susquehanna

is

one

of

the

largest

market

makers. And in the past, up until now, we’ve been relying on [other] third-party exchanges. With the launch of Rothera,

this

vertical

integration

gives

us

a

couple

of

things.

It

really

gives

us

end-to-end

control

of

the

customer

experience,

including

pricing

and

selection.

So,

we’ll

have

more

control

over

what

products

and

what

pricing

we

can

oﬀer

to

customers

-

which

I

think

is

going

to

be

very,

very

nice. Moving on to Robinhood Social. Strong engagement - we’ve rolled our Robinhood Social to the ﬁrst 10,000

customers.

And

what

we’re

hearing

is

they

absolutely

love

veriﬁed

proﬁles,

they

love

veriﬁed

returns

and

trades.

If

you

remember,

the

value

prop

for

Robinhood

Social,

as

opposed

to

other

social

media

platforms

or

places

where

you

can

chat

about

your

ﬁnances,

is

you

have

a

guarantee

that

customers

have

actual

skin

in

the

game

-

with

real

positions

and

real

returns.

And

it

seems

like

that’s

proving

out.

People

love

that,

and

we’re

working

to

add

new

requested

features

on

a

weekly

basis.

These

are

things

like

live

stock

charts,

expanded

personal

proﬁles,

tools

to

ﬁnd

other

traders.

And

we’re

also

bringing

popular

creators

on

the

platform

-

and

there’s

really

been

strong

demand

from

creators

to

participate

in

this

network. Second, wallet share. We are building our customers’ ﬁnancial superapp. We can see that this is starting to

resonate

with

customers.

Across

retirement,

Gold

credit

card,

Strategies,

and

Banking,

customers

added

500,000

funded

accounts

in

Q1

and

more

than

1.5

million

in

the

past

year.

And

so,

we’re

really

continuing

to

broaden

the

oﬀering

beyond

just

brokerage. I give a special highlight to Robinhood Banking. Robinhood Banking grew 5x since the last earnings. It’s rapidly

becoming

a

leading

premium

digital

banking

oﬀering,

and

I

think

it’s

really

one

of

a

kind

in

that

category. Over $2 billion in net deposits, over 125,000 funded customers, and, I think most interestingly, a

40%

direct

deposit

rate.

Okay

-

so

that’s

a

40%

direct

deposit

attach

rate,

which

tells

us

this

isn’t

just

an

add-on

to

your

brokerage

account

for

keeping

your

extra

cash.

People

are

thinking

about

this

as

a

primary

bank

account.

So,

I

think

that

gets

me

very

excited

-

I

know

Shiv

as

well. Gold Card - Gold credit cards have surpassed 800,000 customers with annualized purchase volume, APV,

of

$15

billion.

So,

this

is

a

heavy

purchasing

card

already.

The

credit

performance

continues

to

be

strong,

and

we’re

on

track

to

surpass

million

cards

and

$100

million

ARR

this

year

-

and,

well,

before

the

end

of

this

year

as

well.

Demand for the new Platinum Card, which, if you guys saw at the Take Flight event - and it was very popular

-

the

card

is,

I

believe,

the

heaviest

credit

card

on

the

market.

So,

demand

for

it

has

exceeded

our

expectations.

We

look

forward

to

rolling

out

in

the

coming

months

and

we’re

responding

to

initial

feedback.

The

great

thing

about

this

team,

they

iterate.

And

I

think

you’re

going

to

see

a

better

product

than

what

was

even

unveiled.

So,

that’s

very

exciting. Moving on to our third and long-term arc, global ﬁnancial ecosystem. We’re making progress as we expand

to

diﬀerent

markets

around

the

world.

International’s

picking

up

as

we

approach

million

funded

customers.

We

plan

to

launch

crypto

in

Canada

around

mid-year.

Remember,

this

is

via

our

WonderFi

acquisition

from

last

year.

And

we

have

received

in-principle

approval

from

regulators

in

Singapore

to

oﬀer

a

comprehensive

suite

of

brokerage

services

there.

So,

that’s

a

big

deal.

Bitstamp

continues

to

win

institutional

customers,

gaining

market

share,

and

we’re

enhancing

the

oﬀering.

In

particular,

there’s

been

a

lot

of

interest

in

institutional

lending,

so

you’re

going

to

see

us

digging

in

and

doing

more

there. Across the entirety of the business, we’re really turbocharging Robinhood with AI as well. And if you think

about

the

impact

of

AI

on

our

business,

it’s

actually

three

diﬀerent

things.

So,

ﬁrst,

we’re

aggressively

leveraging

AI

to

drive

eﬃciency

and

productivity

internally.

We’ve

been

doing

this

for

a

long

time,

and

Shiv

will

talk

a

little

more

about

the

wins

we’ve

been

seeing

there. The second thing we’ve been doing - and continue to do - is give customers access to the highest quality

AI-powered

tools.

Robinhood

Cortex,

which

we

unveiled

about

a

year

ago,

[has

been]

used

by

nearly

million

customers

so

far.

So,

this

is

AI

intelligence

throughout

the

Robinhood

app.

You

can

see

it

in

the

Stock

Digests,

and

you

can

now

see

it

in

Cortex

Assistant,

which

is

our

AI

assistant

within

the

product.

Now

that’s

rolling

out

-

that’s

rolled

out

actually

to

all

Gold

customers.

So,

we’re

putting

the

ﬁnancial

intelligence

coupled

with

our

market

data

in

your

pocket.

Customers

are

using

it

to

do

portfolio

and

P&L

analysis.

They’re

using

it

for

stock

research

and

stock

screening.

And

you

should

expect

to

see

it

get

better

and

better.

I

think

we

really

love

what

we’re

seeing

there. And we’re also - you could tell, last December there was a step change in the agentic capabilities in these

AI

models.

And

of

course,

we’re

working

to

bring

the

frontier

capabilities

into

your

product.

We’ve

been

spending

a

lot

of

time

chiseling

what

an

agentic

product

could

look

like.

So,

stay

tuned

there. And third - and this is an interesting one - AI is aﬀecting the markets and investors. One of the things we’ve

been

spending

a

lot

of

time

on

is

empowering

customers

to

participate

in

the

economic

value

and

the upside created by these AI companies. Now, the unfortunate thing has been a lot of them are still private

-

in

some

cases,

staying

private,

[reaching]

valuations

of

hundreds

of

billions.

But

Robinhood

Ventures

was

built

to

solve

this.

Robinhood

Ventures’

ﬁrst

fund,

RVI,

had

its

IPO

in

March.

We

have

a

great

portfolio

of

late-stage

frontier

companies,

and

we

just

added

OpenAI

last

week,

which

was

awesome. Now, we’re also hearing from customers that they want access to emerging AI companies at an even earlier

stage.

And

we’ve

already

begun

building

the

initial

portfolio

for

our

next

fund,

RVII.

We’re

excited

to

share

more

soon.

I

think

part

of

this

is

just

building

the

capability

now

that

we’ve

proven

out

that

private

markets

democratization

is

a

real

thing

-

making

it

a

bigger

thing.

The

aspiration

is

that

if

you’re

a

founder,

retail

should

be

a

part

of

the

initial

seed

capital

for

your

company.

And

I

think

once

we

succeed

in

this,

we

could

actually

move

the

needle

on

entrepreneurship

in

this

country,

and

make

it

so

that

this

is

better

for

entrepreneurs

-

they

can

access

retail

and

get

even

more

capital. So, taking all of this together, the relentless product velocity has driven another quarter of strong business

results.

Total

net

revenues

grew

15%

year-over-year

to

$1.1

billion.

Net

deposits

were

$18

billion,

which

is

another

quarter

of

20%-plus

annualized

net

deposit

growth,

and

our

third

highest

[quarter]

ever.

Gold

subscribers

-

36%

year-over-year

growth

to

a

record

4.3

million.

And

that’s

a

16%

attach

rate

relative

to

the

total

customer

base

-

and

40%

of

new

customers

in

Q1

[joined

Gold].

So,

we’re

seeing

customers

adopting

Gold

very

quickly,

and

that

gets

us

very

energized. Now, looking ahead, we’ve got some great new products to share. So, as I mentioned earlier, we’ve been

working

hard

on

extending

agentic

capabilities

into

Robinhood

Cortex

and

your

Robinhood

experience.

You

should

see

some

exciting

products

coming

in

late

May

-

that’s

next

month.

Plus,

we’ve

got

a

crypto

even

coming

up

as

well.

That’s

going

to

be

early

July

in

the

United

Kingdom.

So,

that’s

two

things

coming

up

very

shortly.

We’re

also

holding

our

annual

HOOD

Summit

for

active

traders

in

the

fall.

And

I’ve

been

reviewing

what’s

on

deck

for

that

one,

and

I

think

you’ll

really

like

that. So, why don’t I turn it over to Shiv now to discuss our ﬁnancials, and then we’ll circle back for the Q&A. Shiv Verma Thank you, Vlad. So, before we get started on ﬁnancials, I wanted to share three big takeaways from Q1. First, as Vlad mentioned, our product velocity continues to accelerate. We’re investing for the long-term, we’re

aggressively

leveraging

AI

across

the

business,

and

this

is

leading

to

products

being

shipped

faster

than

ever. Second, we delivered another strong quarter of 20% annualized net deposit growth. As a reminder, this is

our

north

star

KPI.

It's

great

to

see

customers

continue

to

trust

us

with

their

assets.

Even

with

the

macro

backdrop,

which

was

more

challenging

at

the

start

of

the

year,

customers

remain

engaged,

they

deposit

on

the

platform,

and

they're

rapidly

adopting

our

new

products

-

banking

as

an

example,

as

Vlad

mentioned.

So,

all

this

put

together,

it

led

to

15%

year-over-year

revenue

growth

and

50%

adjusted

EBITDA

margins.

And the third big takeaway is Q2 is oﬀ to a good start in April. Trading volumes for equities and options are

on

track

to

be

our

highest

month

of

the

year,

and

actually

our

second

highest

month

in

history.

Net

deposits,

they’re

already

approximately

$5

billion

month-to-date.

That’s

great

to

see.

And

retirement

assets

just

crossed

$30

billion.

So,

really

great

to

see

customers

continuing

to

invest

for

the

long-term

on

Robinhood. So, let’s go to the Q1 results, and all of this is compared to a year ago. First, revenues grew 15% to $1.07 billion, and this was driven by growth across the entire business. Transaction

volumes

-

they

increased

with

growth

in

equities

and

options,

and

we

had

a

record

quarter

for

both

prediction

markets

and

futures.

If

you

look

at

interest

earning

assets,

they

also

continue

to

grow,

and

they

more

than

oﬀset

the

lower

short-term

interest

rate.

So,

really

great

to

see

net

interest

margin

grow

as

well.

And

then,

other

revenues

were

up

as

Gold

subscribers

reached

a

new

all-time

high

of

4.3

million

subscribers.

Really

great

to

see

the

adoption

there. And we also continued to stay disciplined on our costs. We managed Q1 expenses to be signiﬁcantly lower

than

our

outlook.

Adjusted

OpEx

and

SBC

was

$607

million,

and

this

included

$14

million

of

costs

related

to

Rothera

and

Trump

Accounts

that

actually

were

not

included

in

our

outlook.

So when I look ahead to the rest of the year, we expect to invest an incremental $100 million into building

Trump

Accounts,

with

approximately

half

of

these

[costs]

in

Q2

as

we

prepare

for

the

launch.

As

Vlad

said,

we’re

super

excited

for

this.

These

costs

include

building

an

exceptional

user

experience

and

a

brand

new

app,

also

ensuring

we

have

best-in-class

customer

service,

and

then

giving

customers

access

to

really

great

educational

content. Importantly, I would also note that our work for Trump Accounts is contracted on a cost-plus basis with a

small

margin.

So,

we

expect

revenues

to

exceed

costs

for

this

project. So, given this $100 million investment in building Trump Accounts, we are raising our full-year 2026 outlook

for

adjusted

OpEx

and

SBC

by

an

equivalent

$100

million.

And

so,

our

updated

range

is

$2.7

billion

to

$2.825

billion. So, turning to capital allocation - we spend a lot of time here. We’ve also leaned in on share repurchases to

start

the

year.

So

far

this

year,

we’ve

already

repurchased

$300

million,

or

million

of

our

shares,

which

keeps

share

count

on

track

to

be

approximately

ﬂat

this

year.

And

as

we’ve

said

before,

the

denominator

matters.

Additionally,

in

March,

our

Board

refreshed

our

share

repurchase

authorization

to

$1.5

billion.

So,

this

reﬂects

the

great

conﬁdence

and

opportunities

we

have

ahead. So, looking ahead, just want to share a few top-of-minds that we’re also thinking about. First, we’re going to continue investing for the long-term, while maintaining our disciplined approach to costs.

Customers

are

responding

incredibly

well

to

our

new

products,

and

our

product

velocity,

as

we

said,

is

faster

than

ever.

We

believe

this

combination

can

deliver

outsized

growth

for

years

to

come.

But

at the same time, we want to remain disciplined in the way we invest capital. And so we’re continuing to underwrite

each

investment

to

strong

long-term

ROIs. Second, we are also increasing our focus on top-of-funnel customer growth. So this is something new. While

we

continue

to

add

customers

organically,

we

think

there

is

an

opportunity

to

improve

our

customer

growth

rate

both

in

the

US

and

internationally.

So,

we’re

starting

to

allocate

more

of

our

investments

and

capital

to

adding

new

customers

again,

while

still

maintaining

our

focus

on

strong

annualized

net

deposit

growth.

And

this

is

all

in

addition

to

supporting

Trump

Accounts,

which

also

puts

Robinhood

technology

in

front

of

the

next

generation

of

investors. And third, we’re leaning into investments in AI, both on the customer-facing products and internally. So, Vlad

spoke

to

a

lot

of

the

customer

eﬀorts,

but

we

also

believe

making

AI

native

to

our

workﬂows

is

just

as

fundamental

to

winning. So, last quarter, if you remember, we shared the nine-ﬁgure eﬃciency beneﬁts we’ve already generated in

engineering

and

customer

support.

But

we

are

now

giving

every

team

the

tools

and

mandate

to

adopt

AI

into

their

daily

workﬂows

to

drive

productivity

while

also

making

the

experience

of

working

at

Robinhood

even

better. Today, over 90% of our employees are already using AI tooling in their workﬂows - it’s great to see. These

adoption

numbers

continue

to

increase

weekly.

Another

example

of

a

data

point

we

watch

is

commits

per

engineer.

This

measures

how

much

code

our

engineers

are

successfully

deploying

into

production.

It

hit

a

new

high

in

Q1,

and

it’s

up

50%

since

the

start

of

last

year

as

our

engineers

are

leveraging

these

AI

tools

to

build

even

faster

for

customers. We believe AI has the power to transform ﬁnancial services for both customers and employees - and as a

technology

company,

we

plan

to

lead

that

charge. So, putting it all together, we believe the opportunities for 2026 and beyond remain massive. Our teams are

hard

at

work,

they’re

shipping

great

products

for

customers,

but

we’re

also

staying

lean

and

disciplined

to

generate

operating

leverage

for

shareholders.

And

as

I

said

last

quarter,

our

ﬁnancial

north

star

remains

the

same

-

maximize

earnings

per

share

and

free

cash

ﬂow

per

share

for

shareholders

over

time. So, with that, Chris, why don’t we go to Q&A? Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you Shiv. For the Q&A session, we’ll start by answering shareholder questions from SAY Technologies.

And

after

the

SAY

questions,

we’ll

turn

to

live

questions

from

our

audience,

and

then

we’ll

go

to

dial-in

participants.

So,

the

ﬁrst

question

from

SAY

comes

from

Sebastian

G.,

who

is

joining

us

live

via

Zoom. Sebastian G.

Thank you, Vlad and Shiv, and thank you to the Robinhood team for the opportunity. Thank you for everything

you

guys

do.

My

question

is

around

the

dividend

tracker

that

you

had

previously

announced.

Can

you

give

me

an

update

on

the

current

status

of

that? Vladimir Tenev We love our dividend investors at Robinhood. We call them dividend hounds. You’re a dividend hound, Sebastian? Sebastian G. I am - I sure am. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. So, the short answer to your question is it’s in the works. And we’re going to be launching it this year.

So,

on

track

for

that. The reason it hasn’t been launched already is that as we sat down with our team to think about what we could

be

doing

even

more

for

our

dividend

hounds,

one

thing

came

up.

A

lot

of

them

had

this

complaint

that

some

of

the

other

brokerages

pay

out

their

dividends

in

the

morning,

but

we

do

it

in

the

evening.

So,

why

can’t

we

pay

out

the

dividends

a

little

bit

earlier,

match

everyone

else? So, we looked into this, and what we discovered was that the dividend record date is up to two to three weeks

before

the

dividends

are

paid

out

typically.

And

so

we

saw

an

opportunity

not

just

to

match

what

everyone

else

is

doing,

but

to

beat

it

and

to

give

you

your

dividends

an

average

of

days

-

or

two

to

three

weeks

-

earlier.

And

this

is

like,

real

value.

So,

one

of

the

other

reasons

why,

hopefully,

it’ll

be

irrational

to

use

another

brokerage

for

your

dividend

investing

than

Robinhood. So, we got excited about this. We’re shipping that - that’s live, should be this month. And now, our team is

turning

their

attention

to

making

what,

at

this

point

given

all

the

questions,

needs

to

be

the

world’s

best

dividend

tracker.

So,

stay

tuned

for

that

and

enjoy

the

early

dividends

in

the

meantime. Chris Koegel Awesome. Alright. The next SAY question is from Matt S. Matt S. So excited to be here. Really appreciate it. Okay - so, my top-voted question was will Robinhood have IPO

access

for

any

of

the

upcoming

mega

oﬀerings? Vladimir Tenev

Okay - yeah. That’s a great question. So, I have to preface it by saying I can’t really be speciﬁc with you about

what

IPOs

may

or

may

not

be

on

the

platform,

listed,

before

you

actually

see

it.

That

being

said,

in

the

past

couple

of

years,

we’ve

seen

a

distinct

shift

where

pretty

much

every

major

IPO

of

consequence

has

been

on

Robinhood’s

platform.

And

in

most

of

these

cases,

the

founders

-

the

CEOs

-

are

engaging

with

us

directly,

asking

for

help

with

their

retail

strategy.

And there’s a big change from when we launched IPO access, which was back in 2021. We really had to like,

claw

and

scratch

and

ask

for

favors

to

get

retail

these

allocations.

And

everyone

was

telling

them

you

don’t

want

retail

in

your

IPOs,

certainly

don’t

want

more

than

10%

retail

allocation.

And

now,

we’re

starting

to

get

the

CEOs

talking

about

how

they’re

actually

driving

larger

and

larger,

historic-sized

allocations

-

20%,

30%.

We’re

starting

to

get

questions

about

how

big

is

too

big,

why

isn’t

anyone

doing

larger. And I think that’s awesome. I think we’ve helped really change the game. And now, retail has a real seat at

the

table

in

IPOs.

And

with

Robinhood

Ventures,

we’re

driving

that

even

earlier.

So,

I

think

that’s

a

durable

trend.

I

think

it’s

going

to

continue.

And so you should expect that that’ll happen in the future, and we’re going to continue to work tirelessly to

get

the

highest

quality

IPOs

and

private

companies

to

treat

retail

as

a

ﬁrst-class

constituency. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. That concludes our shareholder questions from SAY Technologies. Now, we’ll move

to

Q&A

from

folks

here

-

live

in

Menlo

Park.

So,

the

ﬁrst

question

goes

to

Alex

Markgraﬀ. Alex Markgraﬀ Alex Markgraﬀ from KeyBanc. Maybe a couple of questions, Vlad, just one on Shiv’s comment on customer

growth.

I

mean,

the

Trump

Account

eﬀorts,

obviously

one

source.

But

as

you

think

about

other

sources

of

customer

growth,

when

you’re

putting

some

more

capital

behind

it,

where

does

your

mind

go? Vladimir Tenev I mean, I think that there’s a lot that we could be doing both on the product side, just making onboarding simpler,

getting

customers

to

see

the

value

easier,

right?

And

I

think

a

lot

of

those

surfaces

-

since

we’ve

in

the

past

few

years,

turned

our

attention

more

to

deepening

relationships

with

customers,

getting

higher

value

customers

to

get

more

value

-

we’ve

been

spending

a

little

bit

less

attention

and

focus

on

how

to

make

the

top

of

funnel

simpler

and

easier

to

get

through. And in particular, now we have lots of products, so there’s lots of things to market, lots of things we can put

in

front

of

customers.

We

really

have

executed

on

this

vision

of

building

a

comprehensive

ﬁnancial

services

platform.

So, the challenge now is how do we organize these things for customers and make them so that we deliver

the

thing

that

you’re

looking

for

as

quickly

as

possible

and

not

clutter

the

interface

and

experience.

And

I

think

we’re

also

seeing

really

good

impact

from

our

marketing

activities.

Marketing

continues

to

be

very

high

ROI

for

us,

and

that

just

gives

us

more

and

more

levers. Alex Markgraﬀ Shiv, on OpEx, last quarter we talked about the proﬁtable growth framework. As you think about the ﬂexibility

that

showed

up

in

the

ﬁrst

quarter

around

the

$607

million,

when

you

look

at

the

rest

of

the

year,

maybe

help

us

think

about

where

the

ﬂexibility

exists

on

the

lower

side

-

if

need

be

-

to

ensure

that

proﬁtable

growth

framework. Shiv Verma Yeah - great question. So, our north star is still the same. We want to drive free cash ﬂow per share and earnings

per

share

over

the

long-term.

So,

that

means

we

need

to

be

making

investments.

So,

we

want

to

keep

doing

that.

Customers

are

responding

incredibly

well.

At

the

same

time,

we

want

to

be

disciplined,

and

so

we’re

constantly

re-underwriting

everything

we’re

doing,

making

sure

it

still

makes

sense

and

is

where

we

want

to

put

our

capital. 85% to 90% of our costs are ﬁxed, but a large portion are discretionary. So, as a software platform, we’re

constantly

looking

at

what’s

the

right

allocation

of

resources

internally.

We

also

have

marketing

spend,

as

Vlad

mentioned.

We

also

have

some

variable

costs

even

though

[costs]

are

predominately

ﬁxed. So, I feel really good about our outlook. We’re still building for the long-term. We came in better this quarter

and

we

continue

to

monitor

it,

but

I

want

us

to

be

investing

for

the

long-term.

And

then,

if

we

need

to,

we

also

have

some

levers

we

can

pull. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Alex. Now, Alex just had his second child, so we let him have two questions. But for the

remainder

of

the

question

askers,

please

limit

yourself

to

one

question. Alright. The next question is from Dan Fannon. Daniel Fannon Thanks - Dan Fannon from Jeﬀeries. So, I wanted to just talk more broadly about the health of your customer

base

and

the

resiliency

given

the

market

volatility

we’ve

seen

to

start

the

year.

And

then,

you

gave

some

comments

about

April,

only

mentioned

a

few

asset

classes.

Maybe

expand

a

bit

upon

outside

of

just

options

and

equities,

crypto,

prediction

markets,

securities

lending,

any

other

kinds

of

areas where you’re seeing any change in behavior as you go into 2Q versus what we saw in the ﬁrst quarter? Shiv Verma So, our north star KPI is just net deposits. That is, are customers healthy, are they trusting us. $18 billion in

Q1

despite

what

was

a

really

tough

macro

backdrop.

If

you

recall,

to

start

the

year,

there

was

a

government

shutdown,

a

software

selloﬀ,

and

then

a

global

conﬂict.

Despite

all

of

that,

our

customers

remain

resilient. I think the big diﬀerence from a couple of years ago is, one, we’re a lot more diversiﬁed, so there’s a lot of

diﬀerent

products

that

customers

are

using.

We

mentioned

banking,

for

example,

Robinhood

credit

card.

We

also

have

Robinhood

Strategies.

That

is

our

robo-like

product

that

has

over

$1.5

billion

[in

assets].

So

regardless

of

the

macro

backdrop,

customers

are

using

that. The second thing is we have more active trader tools. So we now have index options which allow you to go

long

or

short.

We

also

have

shorting

which

is

growing

nicely.

So

for

more

active

traders,

they’re

continuing

to

remain

engaged. On your question on April speciﬁcally, really healthy volumes across equities and options as I mentioned. Prediction

markets,

it’s

on

track

to

be

around

billion

[contracts]

and

probably

our

second

highest

month

ever

-

so

really

strong

engagement

there.

So

everything

we’re

seeing

is

the

customers

are

healthy,

they’re

engaged.

A

little

bit

more

activity

from

the

active

trader

constituency.

But

the

thesis

was

if

you

build

great

products,

if

you

diversify,

if

you

give

active

traders

the

tools,

they’ll

be

there

throughout

the

cycle.

And

that’s

what

we’ve

seen

thus

far. Chris Koegel Great. Thank you, Shiv. Any other questions from the live audience? Jeﬀ John Roberts? Jeﬀ John Roberts Hey Vlad - nice setting. My question is on prediction markets. How does Robinhood see this industry evolving?

Do

you

see

in

two

years

it

being

like

an

Uber-Lyft-type

duopoly,

or

is

there

going

to

be

like

ﬁve

or

or

players? Vladimir Tenev Yeah - I mean, remember, prediction markets happens at various layers, right? So right now, we’re kind of

-

think

of

us

as

a

brokerage.

And

then

there’s

a

variety

of

exchanges.

And

there’s

sort

of

the

main

ones

that

are

in

the

news.

And

also,

a

lot

of

the

other

players

are

growing

their

own

exchanges,

building

their

own,

going

through

the

CFTC

registration

process.

There’s

probably

been

over

a

dozen,

probably

more

than

that.

So, I think we should expect to see some consolidation because, frankly, if you look at all of these dozens

of

exchanges

that

are

popping

up,

there’s

not

a

lot

of

diﬀerentiation.

And

I

think

diﬀerentiation

really

comes

down

to

who

has

an

established,

engaged

customer

base

and

who

has

a

unique

advantage

with

economics. And one of the things I think we’re unique with is we’ve got 27 million funded accounts in the US. And through

our

partnership

with

SIG

to

launch

Rothera,

which

is

one

of

the

leading

market

makers

in

the

asset

class,

we

believe

that

we

not

only

have

an

advantage

with

retail

but

also

institutional

as

well. So, I think the asset class is going to continue to grow. We’re very, very early. We’re starting to see the beginning

of

diversiﬁcation

outside

of

sports

-

so

that’s

been

increasing.

I

do

think

-

and

it’s

hard

to

predict

the

exact

timing

-

I

don’t

believe

there

will

be

dozens

of

DCMs

in

the

future.

I

think

there

will

be

some

consolidation,

and

I

think

we

should

see

that

shaking

out

in

the

next

couple

of

years. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. Are there any other people here who would like in-person to ask a question? No? Okay. Well then let’s go to the Zoom queue. Alright - so for those who are joining us on Zoom, please

raise

your

hand

to

let

us

know

that

you’d

like

to

ask

a

question.

I’m

seeing

the

ﬁrst

question

is

coming

from

Devin

Ryan

at

Citizens. Devin Ryan Good to see you. Question - I want to dig in on the recent announcement on the pattern day trader elimination,

and

just

get

your

thoughts

on

what

does

that

mean

for

Robinhood

-

for

your

customers

-

for

modernization

and

democratization

near-term.

And

then

bigger

picture,

how

do

you

see

things

playing

into,

I

don’t

know,

themes

like

agentic

trading

and

maybe

the

ability

for

customers

to

trade

a

lot

more

than

maybe

they

otherwise

would

have

been

able

to?

So

just

some

thoughts

on

both

near-term

and

longer-term

what

this

means

for

you. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. I think it’s fantastic. I mean, this rule - so for those of you that aren’t familiar, probably most are but

pattern

day

trading

rules

prevent

day

trading

eﬀectively

for

customers

that

have

under

$25,000

in

their

account.

So,

when

I

say

vestigial

and

kind

of

outdated,

it’s

this

old

notion

that

the

amount

of

money

you

have

in

your

account

or

your

account

balance

dictates

how

sophisticated

or

knowledgeable

you

are,

right? And we’ve seen that maybe in the past when we had lack of good information, this was kind of a reasonable

proxy.

But

now,

we

have

tons

of

information,

so

it

makes

less

sense.

Moreover,

the

way

this

rule

works

is

if

you

fall

backwards

and

trip

over

and

become

ﬂagged

a

pattern

day

trader,

eﬀectively,

if

you

want

to

trade,

you

would

have

to

churn

out

of

your

Robinhood

account

and

go

to

another

brokerage.

So,

it

wasn’t

even

this

follows

you

around

as

a

customer.

It’s

just

on

a

per

brokerage

basis.

And since we’re getting the lion’s share of new customers, we felt like this disproportionately aﬀected us. So,

excited

to

see

it

go.

This,

along

with

the

accreditation

rules,

are

kind

of

like

vestigial

rules

that

tie

sophistication

with

account

balance,

which

we

think

is

wrong.

And

we’re

excited

that

there’s

progress

there.

And

obviously,

as

you

can

tell,

we’re

ready

to

go.

The

team

is

excited

to

go

live

with

the

new

logic.

And

I

think

it’s

a

great

step

by

FINRA

to

push

this

through. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Dan Dolev from Mizuho. Dan Dolev Hey guys. Hey Vlad, hey Shiv. Looks like you’re in a much better place than I am. Vladimir Tenev Is that why you’re not on video? Dan Dolev I’m in New York. So, great stuﬀ here. Everything sounds really amazing and promising. I was very impressed

by

the

agentic

trading

commentary.

Maybe,

can

you

educate

us

a

little

bit

about

what

you

guys

are

doing?

Because

if

anyone’s

at

the

forefront

of

agentic

trading,

it’s

probably

going

to

be

Robinhood.

So

I’m

really

curious

to

know

what

you

guys

are

doing

there,

and

I’m

sure

a

lot

of

people

would

like

to

hear

that

as

well. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. You caught that in my prepared remarks, right? My preference really isn’t to reveal too much about products

before

we

ship

them,

but

we’ve

got

a

lot

planned

this

year.

I

mean,

there’s

three

events

that

I

just

announced,

so

we’re

going

to

be

launching

some

stuﬀ

in

May,

then

we’ve

got

the

crypto

even

in

early

July,

and

then

we

have

HOOD

Summit

-

that’s

going

to

be

our

active

trader

event,

third

annual

-

in

the

fall.

And

I

just

reviewed

the

docket

for

that. You can imagine AI agents and putting the best ﬁnancial intelligence in our customers’ hands is going to be

a

starting

player

in

the

starting

ﬁve

of

most,

if

not

all,

of

those

events.

And

I

should

say

there’s

been

a

lot

of

noise

about

this

in

the

industry.

I

don’t

think

anyone’s

ﬁgured

anything

out

yet.

So,

we’re

still

early

and

you

should

expect

us

to

be

not

just

early,

but

kind

of

at

the

forefront

there. Chris Koegel Great. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Steven Chubak from Wolfe.

Steven Chubak Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions - I’m sorry - I said questions. Chris, to be clear, one

question

only. Chris Koegel Thank you, Steven. Steven Chubak So, this relates to securities lending in particular, and that has remained under considerable pressure, not

just

for

you,

but

for

industry

peers

as

well.

At

the

same

time,

the

outlook

here

is

pretty

constructive,

given

both

this

large

slate

of

IPOs

that

are

coming

as

well

as

just

above-normal

retail

allocations

for

those

IPOs

as

well.

So,

given

that

you’ve

had

more

of

your

clients

opt-in

to

fully-paid

securities

lending,

I

was

hoping

you

can

contextualize

just

how

meaningful

of

a

windfall

this

could

become.

And

I’m

going

to

break

my

own

rule

-

if

you

can

speak

to

take

rate

dynamics

for

2Q,

that

would

be

helpful

as

well. Shiv Verma Yes. I’m happy to take this one. Great question. So, ﬁrst, on securities lending, as a reminder, this will show

up

in

three

diﬀerent

places

in

the

ﬁnancials.

First

is

securities

lending,

net.

It’ll

also

show

up

in

segregated

cash,

because

when

customers

have

securities

lending,

we

get

GC

[general

collateral]

back

and

we

reinvest

it.

And

it

will

also

show

up

in

margin

interest

as

customers

borrow

on

margin.

So,

when

you

look

at

the

ﬁnancials,

what

you

saw

is

customers

continued

to

opt-in

and

use

the

program

in

fully-paid,

the

margin

book

continued

to

grow. What you did see is securities lending, net, which is primarily based on the rebates rate was lower. So, that’s

what

brought

it

down. How do we judge the business internally and its health? There’s just two main things I look at. One, are customers

opting-in

to

the

fully-paid

program?

And

two,

how

much

of

assets

are

opted

in?

So,

right

now,

about

25%

of

customers

have

opted-in

to

fully-paid

and

about

50%

of

assets.

So,

really

healthy

adoption,

but

we

also

have

a

long

way

to

go. It’s hard to predict what’s going to happen on the specials rebate rates later in the year. But right now, it’s

at

a

low.

And

if

the

market

comes

back

or

if

you

see

IPOs

come

back,

you

could

see

a

rebound

there. To your second question, we’ll answer it even though Chris said limit to one. So, take rates. As a reminder,

this

is

an

output

metric.

We

goal

on

market

share

and

are

we

winning,

and

everything

that

we

see

is

that’s

the

case.

What

happens

to

takes

rates

is

when

active

traders

trade

more,

take

rates

naturally

go

down

because

we

have

tiered

pricing.

This

is

a

good

thing.

It

means

they’re

engaged,

they’re

using

our products. And relative to a few years ago, we’re actually seeing a much healthier adoption of active traders

during

some

of

these

macro

events. So, what are we seeing to start the quarter? On crypto, it’s about 7 basis points lower. And on options, it’s

about

$0.03

[lower].

However,

we’re

starting

to

see

that

rebound

in

the

pickup

of

April.

So,

again,

it’s

an

output

metric

-

we

focus

on

active

traders

and

market

share,

and

everything

we’re

seeing

is

super

healthy. Chris Koegel Thank you, Shiv, for the double header. Alright. The next question is from Ben Budish at Barclays. Ben Budish Hey. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just tying this into Steve’s question on

securities

lending

-

Shiv,

I

wonder

if

you

could

talk

a

little

bit

more

about

your

margin

funding.

I

think

it’s

been

a

little

bit

of

a

source

of

confusion

for

investors.

You’ve

been

moving

bank

sweep

cash

over

to

brokerage

cash.

I

think

you’ve

been

talking

about

using

some

of

the

securities

lending-related

cash.

So,

maybe

just

any

modeling

help

you

can

give

us

there,

how

we

should

think

about

your

future

plans,

given

your

margin

balances

are

growing

more

rapidly

would

all

be

helpful.

Thank

you. Shiv Verma Yeah - happy to take it. Great question. So, on the margin book funding, what you’ll notice in Q1 is we moved

over

$6

billion

of

cash

that

was

oﬀ

balance

sheet

-

that

was

in

the

sweep

program

-

into

free

credit

balances

onto

balance

sheet

to

help

fund

the

margin

book.

No

impact

to

customers

-

they

get

the

exact

same

rate,

3.35%,

one

of

the

best

in

the

industry. This is more of a backend accounting change. It also helps us, as you mentioned, on the funding of the margin

book.

This

is

very

common

in

diﬀerent

brokerages.

So,

just

with

the

health

of

what

we’re

seeing,

we

decided

that

was

the

right

time. What would I expect from modeling going forward? They’ll stay roughly at this rate. About 25% of our [customer

interest-earning

balances]

today

is

in

this,

so

[$25]

billion

in

sweeps,

and

then

about

$6

billion

[in]

free

credit

balances.

It

might

move

a

little

bit

around

quarter-to-quarter,

but

I

think

that’s

the

way

you

should

look

at

it.

And

then,

most

of

our

free

credit

balances

will

continue

to

be

earning

the

same

rate

that

we

do,

but

the

$6

billion

will

have

a

smaller

take

rate

-

more

akin

to

our

sweeps

take

rate

-

now

that

it’s

moved

over

on

balance

sheet. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Shiv. The next question is from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Craig Siegenthaler

Hey Vlad, Shiv. I don’t know if you can see me, but I obviously can see you, and good to see you both. Vladimir Tenev We can see you and you look great. Craig Siegenthaler Great. So, I have a follow-up on AI - but not Cortex and not agentic AI. But, taking this one step further, where

are

you

in

the

process

of

rolling

out

AI-powered

ﬁnancial

advisors?

I

believe

you’re

working

on

it

-

I

think

you’ve

said

before

you’re

in

talks

with

regulators.

But

can

you

share

a

timeline

with

us? Vladimir Tenev Yeah - for sure. So, I think when people talk about AI-powered ﬁnancial advisors, they can mean one of two

diﬀerent

things.

One

is

just

speciﬁcally

advice

on

what

to

invest

in,

right?

And

that

can

be

a

spectrum

of

things

as

well,

like

trading

recommendations

and

allowing

you

to

build

trading

strategies

with

that

Reg

BI-compliant

capability.

It

could

also

mean

robo

advisor

services.

So,

for

the

latter,

we

have

Robinhood

Strategies.

And

for

some

of

the

work

that

we’re

doing

on

the

agentic

side,

you

should

expect

that

that

increases

in

capability

as

well. And everything that we do, whenever we - if we do add recommendations, we’ve got to make sure they’re

in

accordance

with

Reg

BI

and

all

of

those

rules.

So,

we’re

making

progress

on

those

things. And with Robinhood Strategies, I think it’s the best “deposit money and we invest it for you” product out there

today

under

the

ﬁduciary

standard.

We

actually

published

some

returns

and

historical

performance

a

couple

of

weeks

ago,

which

looked

really

good. Now, the other thing people mean when they say ﬁnancial advice is, I want help just managing my entire spectrum

of

ﬁnancial

things,

right?

And

that

involves

your

banking,

your

spending

and

budgeting,

your

estate

planning.

And

we’ll

have

a

solution

there

for

you

-

multiple

solutions. So, with TradePMR, some people still want humans. And I should point out there’s a SYNERGY conference

for

TradePMR

coming

soon

where

we’re

going

to

start

unveiling

some

of

the

things

that

we’ve

been

working

on

on

the

human

advisor

side.

I

think

that’s

a

durable

product.

We

should

expect

human

advisors

to

be

around

because

that

ﬁlls

a

very,

very

speciﬁc

need

that

I

don’t

think

AI

is

quite

going

to

ﬁll

in

the

near-term. Then for the other things, we are working on digital self-serve solutions. We ran a pilot for Concierge where

we

can

do

your

estate

planning,

we

can

do

your

taxes

for

you.

That’s

been

very

successful.

And

through

our

self-serve

oﬀering,

we

have

also

helped

customers

with

their

tax

preparation.

So, we’re kind of stitching these things together, and you can imagine as we agentify more and more of our

endpoints,

that

lowers

the

activation

energy

to

having

Cortex

or

AI

assistant

seize

everything.

But

I

think,

ﬁrst,

our

strategy

is

going

to

be

to

make

the

capabilities

available

on

an

individual

basis

and

later

to

kind

of

stitch

them

together

for

you. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from James Yaro at Goldman Sachs. James Yaro Hey. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to touch a little bit further on crypto.

Maybe

just,

any

views

on

when

crypto

volumes

and

prices

could

stabilize

at

a

high

level,

and

perhaps

also

just

the

trends

you’re

seeing

across

your

crypto

franchise,

across

client

types.

And

I

know

you

commented

on

the

near-term

take

rate

dynamics

in

crypto,

but

maybe

just

your

thoughts

on

longer-term,

what

your

crypto

take

rate

could

do

over

time. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. Maybe I’ll hit the outlook and then you can hit the take rate, Shiv. So, when we talk about crypto, I think it’s important - I want to get away from talking about the price of Bitcoin

or

all

of

the

other

native

crypto

assets.

Our

strategy

is

to

take

crypto

infrastructure

and

apply

it

to

assets

that

have

real-world

utility.

That’s

why

we

care

so

much

about

tokenization,

and

you

should

expect

that

this

is

going

to

be

-

I

mean,

we’re

at

the

very

beginning

of

what’s

going

to

be

a

tokenization

supercycle.

You’re starting to see it a little with the stables, you’ll see it with stocks as well. And we’re going to be at the

beginning

of

that.

And

I

think

you

should

expect

that

at

the

crypto

even

that

we’re

going

to

have

in

July,

tokenization

will

have

a

starring

role.

And

I

think

there’s

a

lot

of

work

to

do

there,

but

we’re

still

very,

very

early. So, crypto is two things. It’s Bitcoin and other crypto-native assets, which, I can’t tell you what the price is

going

to

be

in

three

months

-

price

moves

up

and

down.

But

what

I

can

tell

you

is

crypto

as

technology

infrastructure

is

going

to

be

big

and

we’re

investing

-

we’ve

got

Robinhood

Chain,

we’ve

got

Robinhood

Wallet,

we’ve

got

our

tokenization

initiatives.

And

I

think

we’re

still

very,

very

early.

So,

this

is

going

to

play

out

over

many

years,

and

you’ll

see

the

next

phase

of

what

we’ve

been

working

on

in

the

UK

in

July. Shiv Verma Yeah. And on the monetization side, a couple things we’d point you to. First, we are crypto bullish, as Vlad

said,

but

it’s

less

than

20%

of

our

revenue

last

year,

about

18%.

So,

it’s

an

important

part

of

the

business,

but

we’ve

vastly

diversiﬁed.

On the take rate speciﬁcally, it’s an output metric. It’s not something we goal on. What we’re seeing is active

traders

remain

on

the

platform

and

we’re

winning

market

share,

and

so

we’re

going

to

continue

to

invest

there. The counterfactual take rates could be higher, but you wouldn’t have as many active traders and so we don’t

want

to

goal

on

that.

As

I

mentioned,

it’s

a

bit

lower

in

April

but

we’re

already

starting

to

see

a

rebound. The other thing we’re super excited about is institutional. And so, we bought Bitstamp last year - the crypto

exchange

-

seeing

really

healthy

market

share

there.

Institutional

tends

to

be

more

resilient

throughout

the

market

cycles,

and

so

we’re

gaining

share

there.

So,

everything

we’re

seeing

is

still

healthy

-

active

traders,

growing

institutional

book.

And

as

Vlad

mentioned,

we’re

making

big

investments

in

tokenization

and

on

the

infrastructure

side

as

well. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Shiv. The next question is from Patrick Moley at Piper. Patrick Moley Yes - good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So, Vlad and Shiv, one of the things you guys have done

great

historically

has

been

in

understanding

where

the

puck

is

going

in

terms

of

retail

trends,

whether

that’s

altcoin

trading

in

Dogecoin

or

prediction

markets

here

more

recently.

But,

one

-

I

think

the

biggest

-

story

in

my

mind

in

retail

trading

year-to-date

has

been

in

perpetual

futures.

And

I

don’t

know

if

we’ve

touched

on

it

yet

this

call

-

I

know

you

launched

crypto

perpetual

futures

in

Europe

in

the

fourth

quarter,

so

would

love

to

get

your

thoughts

or

just

an

update

on

how

that

rollout

has

gone,

what

adoption

trends

have

looked

like. And we’ve seen volumes kind of explode on some of these onchain venues like Hyperliquid. So, Vlad, would

love

to

just

get

your

broader

thoughts

on

perpetuals

as

a

product

going

forward

internationally,

and

what

are

the

hurdles

to

maybe

oﬀering

that

to

US

customers

as

well?

Thanks. Vladimir Tenev Yeah - absolutely. The perpetuals product - I’m glad you asked about it because in Shiv’s answer to the last

question,

I

was

going

to

butt

in

and

say

perpetuals

overseas

have

been

doing

really,

really

well.

And

of

course,

we’ve

listed

those

on

Bitstamp,

our

exchange,

and

are

making

them

available

to

EU

customers. And we’re seeing healthy growth. The product keeps getting better and better. It’s a regulated product, unlike

some

of

the

onchain

competition,

which

means

that

we

can’t

go

quite

as

high

on

the

leverage

that

we

oﬀer

customers.

But,

customers

have

been

requesting,

and

we’ve

been

increasing

that.

So,

yeah,

we’re doubling down. We’ve got - our perpetuals team is working hard, and we see an opportunity to oﬀer

even

more

to

customers. Now, as far as the US goes, we do need some rule changes to oﬀer perpetuals here. The products that some

of

the

other

ﬁrms

have

been

oﬀering

-

that

they’ve

been

calling

perpetuals

-

are

really

just

long

expiry

traditional

futures

contracts.

So,

you

don’t

quite

have

perpetual

contracts

in

the

US. And I think that’s actually not an amazing thing thus far, because people have been going to these unregulated,

oﬀshore

entities

where

there’s

not

as

much

protection,

not

as

many

rules. So, yeah - stay tuned. Of course we’re engaging with the regulators, and we have the ability since we have

this

product

in

the

EU

to

roll

it

out

in

the

US

as

well.

And

I

do

think

it’s

an

attractive

product

for

active

traders.

So,

we’ll

deﬁnitely

be

on

the

front

lines

of

any

perpetuals

expansion

or

regulatory

easenings

here. Chris Koegel Okay. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Tannor from Future Investing. Tannor Hey Vlad, hey Shiv. Thanks for having me, guys. My question is on AI and automation. You guys have been

early

here

at

Robinhood

-

but

how

has

this

shifted

your

hiring

strategy?

And

where

are

you

seeing

eﬃciencies

or

reduced

hiring

needs

across

the

organization? Shiv Verma Yeah - happy to take this. So, a couple of things I’ll point you to. Last year, we said we had $100 million in

eﬃciency,

primarily

in

CX

and

software

engineering.

If

you

look

at

our

volumes

last

year,

they

grew

about

50%,

and

hiring

and

customer

service

was

about

ﬂat.

And

so

while

we

didn’t

need

to

reduce

any

hiring,

what

we

were

able

to

do

is

absorb

all

of

our

volumes

through

the

increased

productivity,

which

is

great. What we’re doing now is we’re just shipping faster. So, we’re still hiring engineers, we’re still growing, but

we’re

using

the

eﬃciencies

to

just

keep

delivering

products

for

customers.

And

so

that’s

where

we

think

the

big

unlock

is

going

to

come,

but

it’s

not

just

engineering

as

I

mentioned. So, everybody across the ﬁrm right now is adopting AI, they’re using it in their workﬂows, we’re getting AI-pilled

-

it’s

been

incredible

to

see.

And

you’re

going

to

see

that

start

to

go

out

in

many

areas.

So

marketing

is

a

great

example

-

the

team

just

launched

some

campaigns

that

were

built

end-to-end

using

entirely

AI,

which

is

great.

All

of

the

non-developer

teams

are

also

using

them

in

their

workﬂows. So for us, I think the biggest thing is we can absorb volumes through AI eﬃciencies and we can ship faster

for

customers

across

many

diﬀerent

vectors.

Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Shiv. The next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Brian Bedell Hey guys. Can you see me? Looks like my video is stuck. I don’t think my video is working. Can you hear

me

okay? Vladimir Tenev Yeah, we can hear you. Brian Bedell Alright. Great. Good afternoon. Just wanted to touch on the trading behavior between active and less active

traders.

So

really,

as

you

bring

in

more

accounts

and

the

net

deposits

continue

to

really

perform

really

well,

how

are

you

seeing

the

customer

mix

evolve

from

those

new

deposits?

So,

what

I’m

getting

at

is

to

what

extent

are

those

more

active

traders

and

you’re

building

that

book

faster

than,

say,

the

less

active

traders? Just thinking about how the diﬀerent market environments could inﬂuence the trading patterns. And then also

just

on

crypto

as

well,

are

you

seeing

a

lot

of

crosscurrents

between

those

active

traders

using

crypto,

or

is

that

really

a

separate

class

of

traders? Vladimir Tenev I mean, one of the things that we’ve been really excited about is the growth in Gold attach rates. So, remember,

the

Gold

attach

rate

of

new

customers

used

to

be

in

the

low-single

digits,

and

now

it’s

40%.

So,

40%

of

new

customers

that

come

in

end

up

adopting

Gold.

And

that

customer

typically

then

goes

into

the

high-yield

oﬀering,

which

is

a

great

value

prop

for

Gold. So, if you remember, if you have Gold, you get interest on your cash on Robinhood, with [up to] $2.5 million

of

FDIC

protection.

You

also

get

interest

on

your

options

collateral,

which

for

the

active

traders

is

a

very,

very

nice

new

feature

that

they’ve

been

asking

for

for

a

while. Along with dozens of other things, right - you’ve got Gold credit card, banking is a Gold-only oﬀering. So,

the

behavior

we’ve

been

seeing

is

someone

comes

in,

a

large

portion

of

the

time,

they

try

Gold,

then

they

start

looking

at

all

of

the

other

products

that

we

oﬀer.

And

we’ve

been

really

successful

in

driving

that

adoption. And trading might not be a daily use case for most people. I mean, some people build up their portfolios, then

they

trade

a

little

bit

less

frequently,

but

some

of

the

other

products

like

your

banking,

your

credit

card are daily use case products. And I think we have a huge opportunity in the coming months and years

to

get

more

and

more

of

our

customers

into

banking

and

credit.

And

then

we

think

that

-

even

though

the

numbers

are

really

good

with

800,000

cardholders

and

125,000

bank

accounts

with

the

40%

direct

deposit

attach

rate

-

these

are

still

relatively

small

numbers.

And

I

think

we’ve

got

a

lot

of

wood

to

chop

to

get

more

and

more

of

our

customers

on

them.

So,

I

think

that’ll

be

a

big

tailwind

to

multi-product

adoption

over

the

next

year. Shiv Verma Yeah. In terms of where the deposits are coming from, I think the main way to look at it is just broadly diversiﬁed.

So,

as

Vlad

said,

it’s

going

into

retirement,

it’s

going

into

ETFs,

it’s

also

going

to

high-yield

cash,

it’s

also

going

into

trading.

So,

it’s

one

of

the

beneﬁts

of

being

a

diversiﬁed

business.

That’s

one

of

the

ways

we

have

the

$18

billion

in

net

deposits

-

it’s

customers

using

the

platform

in

a

wide

variety

of

ways. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Shiv. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from David Smith at Truist. David Smith Hi. Following up on the discussion about banking, could you talk a little bit more about the extent to which

you

see

this

driving

new

customer

growth

as

opposed

to,

like,

ARPU

expansion

and

the

leverage

you

see

for

both

there? Vladimir Tenev Yeah. I think that there is a lot of potential there. And we haven’t really tapped it because right now, the way

that

we’ve

been

giving

customers

banking

is

we’ve

largely

been

giving

it

to

Gold

Card

customers.

And

Gold

Card

customers

are

-

the

Gold

Cards

are

still

-

are

largely

being

driven

by

existing

customers. So, the story has really been getting our existing customers to adopt the Gold Card. Now, I think over the next

year

you

should

see

it

shifting

a

little

bit

more

from

that

to

getting

new

customers

onboard

who

come

speciﬁcally

for

the

Gold

Card

and

adopt

our

brokerage

and

retirement

services

as

an

adjunct

to

doing

that. We’ve run some experiments there, but there’s a whole bunch of things that we’ll have to do to make that

smoother

and

nicer

that

I

think

we’re

excited

about.

So,

yes

-

big

opportunity. It’s been really about proving the economics. And we frankly - I think despite the fact that some customers

wish

they

could

get

the

Gold

Card

earlier

and

earlier

-

if

you

look

at

successful

credit

card

rollouts

and

the

speed

with

which

we’re

rolling

out

these

cards,

this

is

actually

right

near

the

top.

By

all

objective

measures,

if

you

look

at

card

programs

that

have

rolled

out

faster

than

us,

they

pretty

much

have

gotten

into

trouble,

right?

So,

we’re

right

up

there

with

fast

yet

responsible

rollout.

So, we haven’t been limited by this at this point. But as we approach - as we get into the millions of cardholders,

you

should

expect

a

little

bit

more

top-of-funnel

with

the

card

and

banking

which

I

think,

increasingly,

is

going

to

be

part

of

the

same

package.

I

mean

-

when

you

think

of

Gold

Card,

you’ll

think

of

banking

as

one

and

the

same. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from John Todaro at Needham. John Todaro Hey guys. Good to see you. Thanks for taking my question. I’m wondering if we could just go back to Bitstamp

for

a

moment.

As

you

pointed

out,

it’s

obviously

been

quite

resilient

despite

the

crypto

downturn.

You’d

mentioned

institutional

lending

earlier

on

the

call.

Just

wondering

if

you

could

expand

on

that

or

more

cross-sell

opportunities

within

that

segment

to

kind

of

drive

some

additional

revenue

beyond

crypto

trading. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. I mean, I would just tell you at the high level. So, we closed our acquisition of Bitstamp about a year

ago,

and

one

of

the

ﬁrst

things

we

did

right

around

our

crypto

even

in

the

south

of

France

last

year

was

we

got

together

with

a

lot

of

our

institutional

customers

for

Bitstamp.

We

had

a

nice

lunch,

and

it

was

very

eye-opening.

Because

I

got

my

notepad

out,

I

was

like

“tell

me

all

the

things

that

I

need

to

write

down,

we’re

going

to

deliver

them

to

you

in

record

time

to

make

sure

all

of

your

volume

happens

on

Bitstamp”.

And

I

was

expecting

all

these

fancy

things. But, it’s like, “I just want you to not drop my packets. When I submit an order, I want you to acknowledge.”

So,

it’s

basic

stuﬀ,

right?

And

we

just

went

through

-

we’ve

been

ﬁxing

that

stuﬀ.

Our

exchange

at

ﬁrst

couldn’t

handle

a

huge

throughput

of

messages

per

second

-

so,

we

were

getting

throttled.

Things

were

slow,

right?

So,

the

engineering

team

has

been

doing

yeoman’s

work

of

ﬁxing

all

of

that. So, you’re talking about increases in institutional market share and all of these things. There’s just a ton of

low-hanging

fruit

here,

which

is

what

makes

us

so

excited

about

all

of

the

things

that

we’re

adding. And this is even before the institutional lending desk upgrades, before all the things that we’re doing with perpetual

futures.

So,

I

think

we’re

at

the

very

beginning,

and

you

should

expect,

telling

the

customers

this,

“keep

giving

us

the

list,

we

want

to

earn

your

institutional

business.”

And

I

think

we’ve

demonstrated

that

this

team

can

ship. Shiv Verma

Yeah. On the institutional lending side, it’s actually very simple. As Vlad said, a lot of it’s just working capital.

So,

you’re

not

taking

credit

risk,

but

a

lot

of

the

institutional

clients

are

used

to

having

capital

to

trade,

either

instantaneously

or

in

working

capital

needs,

whether

it’s

overnight

or

on

the

weekends.

Given

our

balance

sheet

and

our

technology,

we’re

able

to

provide

that.

And

so,

it’s

another

thing

that

was

just

low-hanging

fruit

that

we’re

seeing

really

great

adoption

on,

which

is

another

way

to

monetize

but

also

grow

market

share. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you. The next question is from Amit with Amit Is Investing. Amit Hey Vlad, hey Shiv. Congrats on a great quarter and thank you for taking my question. My question is around

international

expansion.

You

guys

just

got

the

Singapore

license,

bought

a

brokerage

in

Indonesia

-

is

the

plan

to

kind

of

expand

through

crypto

oﬀerings,

maybe

tokenization,

then

banking

products,

diﬀerent

promotions

to

get

customers?

Or,

I

guess,

can

you

walk

us

through

how

you

think

of

global

expansion

going

into

and

what

the

strategy

is

to

get

customers

in

these

diﬀerent

countries.

Thank

you,

guys. Vladimir Tenev Yeah - so, it’s actually both. We want to be everywhere with our core products - and the core products being,

obviously,

trading,

and

eventually

banking

in

spending.

So,

in

a

few

markets

where

it

makes

sense

and

there’s

well-established

regulatory

environments

that

we

can

follow,

we’ve

gone

and

gotten

full

licensure. That’s the in-principle approval in Singapore, you mentioned Indonesia, and obviously the UK as well. I also

think

tokenization,

which

-

what

we

unveiled

last

year

was

like

Robinhood

but

with

the

infrastructure

being

onchain

-

so,

instead

of

traditional

equities,

stock

tokens

-

tokenized

stocks.

And

I

think

what

that

will

allow

us

to

do

is

handle

the

long

tail

of

-

if

we

want

to

be

live

in

hundreds

of

countries,

the

tokenized

oﬀering

will

just

be

a

quicker

way

to

serve

those

customers. And then, we can see where we’re getting particular traction, and where we’re going to need to go deeper

with

more

traditional

oﬀerings.

And

typically

what

those

oﬀerings

are

is

if

the

jurisdiction

has

tax

wrappers,

for

example,

that

we

have

to

build

and

very

speciﬁcally

build

to.

It’s

the

tax

wrappers,

it’s

also

their

local

exchanges

and

market

centers.

So,

if

you

want

to

trade

some

obscure

exchange,

like

Kazakhstan

securities

-

which,

believe

it

or

not,

some

customers

ask

for

-

then

we’ll

have

to

do

local

market-speciﬁc

integrations. Shiv Verma Yeah. Our simple two-by-two matrix is organic or non-organic, brokerage or crypto. If you go through those

four

boxes,

we’ve

actually

gone

through

all

of

them.

Some

of

them

we’ve

built

organically

through

brokerage, such as the UK. Some of them we’ve built organically through crypto, such as the EU. And we’ve

also

done

acquisitions. To Vlad’s point, we want to be everywhere. We’re indiﬀerent to which way we go - we’re going to look at what’s

the

speed

to

market

and

what’s

the

best

ROI,

and

how

do

we

have

the

right

to

win

for

customers.

And

then

that’s

going

to

be

the

path

for

how

we

choose. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. And the line between these is going to get increasingly blurred. So, even though EU is [crypto] ﬁrst,

we

have

stock

tokens

which

gives

you

equities

exposure.

So,

I

think

you’ll

see

that

as

a

trend,

too.

We’ll

be

getting

more

and

more

traditional

brokerage

assets

in

tokenized

form

and

deliver

to

customers

around

the

world. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you. The next question is from Ramsey at Cantor. Ramsey El-Assal Hi guys. Thank you so much for squeezing me in here. I wanted to ask about the Trump Accounts again and

get

your

thoughts

on

levels

of

engagement

there,

and

also

the

degree

to

which

you

might

have

a

plan

to

cross-sell

-

or

whether

you’ll

be

able

to

sort

of

cross-sell

some

of

your

other

products

over

time

into

that

base. Vladimir Tenev Look - I think for us, this is a really long-term opportunity. It’s an opportunity to be in front of this next generation

of

customers

and

an

opportunity

to

show

that

we

can

be

a

reliable

partner

to

the

US

government

as

they’re

pursuing

initiatives,

right?

And

I

think

that

we’re

proud

to

be

a

part

of

the

program.

We’re

not

really

spending

too

much

time

thinking

about

how

this

could

be

done

to

beneﬁt

us.

We’re

instead

focused

on

how

we

can

make

the

best

product

that

the

government

has

ever

been

associated

with. So, with our friends over at National Design Studio, I think we’re all just super motivated to make sure this

is,

like,

one

of

the

best

ﬁnancial

products

we’ve

ever

used.

And

of

course,

we’re

proud

of

our

role

as

the

sole

initial

broker

and

trustee

-

we

don’t

take

that

lightly.

And

we

want

to

make

sure

that

we

can

deliver

the

highest

possible

quality

product

that

we

can. We’re very proud of what we’re going to do. We’ve got some of our best people working on it, and I believe

that

good

things

will

follow

from

us

doing

this

as

a

business. Chris Koegel

Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Ed Engel at Compass Point. Ed Engel Hi. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned strong April rebounds across equities, options, and prediction

markets,

but

did

you

give

an

update

on

how

April

crypto

volumes

are

trending

relative

to

the

past

few

months? Shiv Verma Good question. No - didn’t give an update on that. I’d say it’s probably more of the same. We are really seeing

the

rebound

in

equities,

options.

And

as

I

mentioned,

prediction

markets

around

billion

[contracts],

which

will

probably

be

our

second

best

month

ever.

Margin

book

also

continues

to

grow,

crypto

also

remains

about

similar

to

what

[it]

was

in

Q1

and

kind

of

in

that

zip

code. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Shiv. The next question is from Michael Cyprys at Morgan Stanley. Michael Cyprys Hey. Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about API connectivity. Just curious

on

how

API

connectivity

is

contributing

to

Robinhood

today

-

I

believe

you

operate

in

crypto.

Hoping

you

can

elaborate

a

bit

on

your

API

strategy,

key

use

cases,

how

you

see

the

opportunities

out

there

emerging

on

a

multi-year

view. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. It’s a great question. Historically, we haven’t really invested too much in API oﬀerings. I think we’ve been

focused

on

building

ﬁrst-party

experiences

that

maximally

leverage

our

strengths

of

design

and

user

experience. That said, we’re interested in API oﬀerings. I think now that things are shifting in a more agentic direction,

there’s

an

opportunity

for

us

to

be

diﬀerentiated

there.

We’re

a

low-cost

provider,

we

have

great

infrastructure,

we

have

great

APIs

that

we

use

internally. And I know there have been a lot of projects out there on GitHub and other things where people kind of attempt

to

reverse

engineer

in

an

unsupported

way.

So

there’s

obviously

demand

for

it.

So,

stay

tuned.

When

we

do

release

something,

we

do

generally

try

to

make

it

really,

really

good.

And

I

think

this

is

an

area

of

opportunity. Chris Koegel Alright. The next question comes from Roy from Crossroads - Dr. Roy from Crossroads.

Vladimir Tenev Dr. Roy! Roy Thanks guys. Congratulations on the Trump Accounts. I wanted to ask another follow-up question on that

as

well.

And

congratulations

on

that.

You

note

in

the

earnings

slide

deck

that

it’s

a

new

way

to

extend

Robinhood’s

mission

to

helping

governments

-

that’s

plural.

I

thought

that

plural

was

very

interesting

-

to

build

a

public

sector

business. And so beyond just this speciﬁcally with the short-term - with the Robinhood partnership with BNY and the

Trump

Accounts

-

what

does

that

look

like

as

far

as

that

public

sector

business?

Maybe

comment

on

that

plural

as

well

-

I

know

you

probably

can’t

name

individual

governments

beyond

the

US. Vladimir Tenev Right. Yeah - I mean, it’s really two things, Roy. One is it’s not always easy to be a government subcontractor

and

we’re

learning

how

to

do

it,

right?

It’s

a

ﬁrst

thing

for

us.

But

there

was

a

long

process

to

get

to

this

point,

and

I

don’t

know

if

a

lot

of

other

ﬁntechs

have

made

that

leap.

It’s

like

-

as

a

company

that’s

been

around

for

a

little

bit

more

than

years,

it’s

a

big

step

for

us. So, yeah, I mean we think there’s a number of ways that we could help this country. And I think it’s going to

be

important,

right,

because

there’s

certainly

a

lot

of

disruption

coming

with

AI

and

with

other

things.

And

I

think

that

we’re

well-positioned

to

help

with

that.

And

certainly,

people’s

ﬁnances

are

going

to

be

a

key

part

of

that.

So,

yeah,

there

might

be

other

things

that

we

can

be

helpful

with

in

the

US

in

the

future. And also, ever since we’ve gotten involved with Trump Accounts, we’ve heard from lots and lots of states

-

so,

not

even

other

countries

-

it’s

been

states

and

other

countries

who

just

want

to

do

similar

things.

And

our

focus

has

been

on

just

doing

this

one

thing,

but

we

also

recognize

that

once

this

is

successful,

I

think

that

it’s

going

to

be

something

that

goes

all

around

the

world.

And

of

course,

I

think

that’s

a

big

opportunity

for

us

to

continue

to

extend

our

mission. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Craig Maurer at FT Partners. Craig Maurer Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. A lot of my questions have been asked and answered. But I wanted

to

ask

about

the

ﬂurry

of

states

that

are

speaking

out

against

prediction

markets

and

their

concerns

there,

and

if

that

tempers

your

excitement

for

that

product

at

all.

Vladimir Tenev Yeah. I mean, I would love it if the states didn’t have concerns, but it’s also not - I mean, it’s not irrational,

right?

This

is

a

jurisdictional

dispute.

Of

course,

the

CFTC

is

claiming

-

and

we

agree

with

their

standpoint

-

that

these

are

federally

regulated

products

over

which

they

have

jurisdiction.

And

the

states

-

some

of

the

states

-

have

a

diﬀerent

view.

So,

we

continue

to

defend

our

position

and

think

that

it

would

be

strange

if

the

states

start

exerting

jurisdiction

over

federally

regulated

CFTC

products.

And

this

is

something

that’ll

play

out

in

the

coming

years. Chris Koegel Alright. Thank you, Vlad. The next question is from Evan at StockMKTNewz. Evan I appreciate you guys for allowing me to ask a question here. Congrats, Vlad, Shiv, and the team on a great

quarter.

I

wanted

to

ask

a

little

bit

more

about

Robinhood

Social

-

and

obviously,

we

got

some

of

the

initial

people

onto

that

recently.

I

would

like

to

hear

more

about

updates,

about

how

you’re

thinking

about

expanding

that,

and

maybe

just

any

grinding

or

updates

as

you

guys

watch

that.

Appreciate

it. Vladimir Tenev Yeah. I mean, people really love engaging with other traders in the Robinhood community. The ﬁrst rollout

was

actually

to

HOOD

Summit

attendees

from

last

fall,

which

was

kind

of

fun

because

a

lot

of

the

folks

had

met

in

person

and

we

wanted

to

start

it

really,

really

small. And the ﬁrst pieces of feedback were kind of basic, like “I want to see who the other traders are that people

are

engaging

with.”

So,

the

team

has

really

been

shipping

on

a

weekly

basis.

You’ve

seen

us

knock

out

more

and

more

things

and

extend

the

rollout.

And

we’ve

extended

it

to

other

asset

classes

as

well.

So,

you

can

see

the

prediction

markets

trades

are

on

there

as

well

as

equities

and

options

trades.

And

there’s

really

a

nice

experience

that

we’ve

built

that

allows

you

to

trade

via

the

posts

as

well. So, yeah, you should expect that to approach general availability in the coming months. We like what we’re

seeing

there.

There’s

obviously

a

ton

to

do

before

this

becomes

the

world’s

leading

ﬁnancial

and

business

social

media

product,

but

that’s

the

aspiration.

We

think

we

have

some

advantages

there

with

the

veriﬁcation

-

and

people

really,

really

care

about

it

in

this

domain.

So

plenty

more

to

come. And getting creators on it - so stay tuned for that. Chris Koegel Great. Thank you, Vlad. So, that concludes the Zoom queue. Is there anybody else in the audience that has

been

waiting

after

we

worked

through

the

Zoom

queue

to

ask

any

more

questions?

No?

Okay.

Well then Vlad, I will turn it over to you to end the ﬁrst outdoor earnings call possibly in history. Vladimir Tenev Where’s the Guinness Book of World Records? We need to invite them to our stuﬀ. Thank you guys very much.

Look,

I

hope

you

can

tell

from

the

presentation

we

do

a

good

job

to

-

we

try

to

convey

this,

but

we’ve

got

a

team

that’s

working

incredibly

hard. The roadmap just - it’s incredibly full, there’s always more to do. We’re just incredibly motivated to keep shipping

for

our

customers

and

for

all

of

you.

So,

thank

you

for

being

with

us

on

the

journey,

and

see

you

next

quarter

and

at

our

product

events

in

the

coming

months.

So,

cheers

-

appreciate

it.

And

thank

you,

Shiv. Shiv Verma Thank you.