=== PRESS RELEASE ===

EX-99.1 wday-04302025x991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Workday Announces Fiscal 2026 First Quarter Financial Results Fiscal First Quarter Total Revenues of $2.240 Billion, Up 12.6% Year Over Year Subscription Revenues of $2.059 Billion, Up 13.4% Year Over Year PLEASANTON, Calif., May 22, 2025 – Workday, Inc. (NASDAQ: WDAY), the AI platform for managing people , money , and agents , today announced results for the fiscal 2026 first quarter ended April 30, 2025. Fiscal 2026 First Quarter Results • Total revenues were $2.240 billion, an increase of 12.6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Subscription revenues were $2.059 billion, an increase of 13.4% from the same period last year. • Operating income was $39 million, or 1.8% of revenues, compared to an operating income of $64 million, or 3.2% of revenues, in the same period last year. Operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2026 was impacted by restructuring expenses of $166 million. Non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $677 million, or 30.2% of revenues, compared to a non-GAAP operating income of $515 million, or 25.9% of revenues, in the same period last year. • Diluted net income per share was $0.25, compared to diluted net income per share of $0.40 in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Net income per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2026 was impacted by restructuring expenses of $166 million. Non-GAAP diluted net income per share was $2.23, compared to non-GAAP diluted net income per share of $1.74 in the same period last year. • 12-month subscription revenue backlog was $7.63 billion, up 15.6% from the same period last year. Total subscription revenue backlog was $24.62 billion, increasing 19.1% year-over-year. • Operating cash flows were $457 million compared to $372 million in the prior year. Free cash flows were $421 million compared to $291 million in the prior year. • Workday repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of Class A common stock for $293 million as part of its share repurchase programs. • Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $7.97 billion as of April 30, 2025. See the section titled “About Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the accompanying financial tables for further details. Comments on the News “Workday delivered another solid quarter, a testament to the durability of our business and the relevance of our platform as CEOs increasingly turn to us to drive efficiency, agility, and growth,” said Carl Eschenbach, CEO, Workday. “We are delivering real ROI for our customers by helping them effectively manage their most critical assets—people and money—on one unified platform with AI at the core.” “Our first quarter results highlight the ongoing progress across our strategic growth areas and the continued efficiencies we are driving throughout the business,” said Zane Rowe, CFO, Workday. “We remain focused on executing in this uncertain environment and are reiterating our fiscal 2026 subscription revenue guidance of $8.8 billion while increasing our fiscal 2026 non-GAAP operating margin guidance to approximately 28.5%.” Recent Highlights • Workday introduced new Illuminate Agents to accelerate hiring, enhance frontline worker experiences, simplify financial processes, and improve employee information access. • Evisort’s AI-powered contract intelligence and contract lifecycle management solutions became available through Workday. • Workday welcomed new customers including Dover Corporation, Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, and United Airlines, and expanded existing relationships with ASDA stores, Chipotle, CVS Health, and Decathlon. • Workday was named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant™ for Higher Education Student Information System Software as a Service and Talent Acquisition (Recruiting) Suites. • Workday was recognized as one of the 2025 World’s Most Ethical Companies ® by Ethisphere for the fifth consecutive year. • Workday saw notable industry growth in Q1, with the technology & media and manufacturing verticals each crossing $1 billion in annual recurring revenue. • Workday continued its international expansion by going live on the AWS U.K. public cloud and announcing a new location for its EMEA headquarters in Dublin. • Workday announced that its Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $1.0 billion of shares of its Class A common stock. 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Higher Education Student Information System Software as a Service. By Grace Farrell, Robert Yanckello, 24 March 2025. 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Talent Acquisition (Recruiting) Suites. By Rania Stewart, Jackie Watrous, Hiten Sheth, Emi Chiba, 2 April 2025. Financial Outlook Workday is providing guidance for the fiscal 2026 second quarter ending July 31, 2025 as follows: • Subscription revenue of $2.160 billion, representing growth of 13.5% • Non-GAAP operating margin of 28.0% Workday is updating guidance for the fiscal 2026 full year ending January 31, 2026 as follows: • Subscription revenue of $8.800 billion, representing growth of 14.0% • Non-GAAP operating margin of 28.5% The Company has not provided a reconciliation of its forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margin with its forward-looking GAAP operating margin in reliance on the unreasonable efforts exception provided under Item 10(e)(1)(i)(B) of Regulation S-K. The Company is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the amount and timing of adjustments that are used to calculate this non-GAAP financial measure, particularly related to stock-based compensation and its related tax effects, acquisition-related costs, and restructuring costs. Earnings Call Details Workday plans to host a conference call today to review its fiscal 2026 first quarter financial results and to discuss its financial outlook. The call is scheduled to begin at 1:30 p.m. PT/4:30 p.m. ET and can be accessed via webcast . The webcast will be available live, and a replay will be available following completion of the live broadcast for approximately 90 days. Workday uses the Workday Blog as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. About Workday Workday is the AI platform for managing people , money , and agents . The Workday platform is built with AI at the core to help customers elevate people, supercharge work, and move their business forever forward. Workday is used by more than 11,000 organizations around the world and across industries – from medium-sized businesses to more than 60% of the Fortune 500. For more information about Workday, visit workday.com. © 2025 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved. Workday and the Workday logo are registered trademarks of Workday, Inc. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements including, among other things, statements regarding our intended share repurchases, Workday’s second quarter and full year fiscal 2026 subscription revenue and non-GAAP operating margin, growth, and strategy. These forward-looking statements are based only on currently available information and our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. If the risks materialize, assumptions prove incorrect, or we experience unexpected changes in circumstances, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements, and therefore you should not rely on any forward-looking statements. Risks include, but are not limited to: (i) breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party providers, unauthorized access to our customers’ or other users’ personal data, or disruptions in our data center or computing infrastructure operations; (ii) service outages, delays in the deployment of our applications, and the failure of our applications to perform properly; (iii) privacy concerns and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations; (iv) the impact of continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility on our business, as well as on our customers, prospects, partners, and service providers; (v) any loss of key employees or the inability to attract, train, and retain highly skilled employees; (vi) competitive factors, including pricing pressures, industry consolidation, entry of new competitors and new applications, advancements in technology, and marketing initiatives by our competitors; (vii) our reliance on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues; (viii) the regulatory, economic, and political risks associated with our domestic and international operations; (ix) adoption of our applications and services by customers and individuals, including any new features, enhancements, and modifications, as well as our customers’ and users’ satisfaction with the deployment, training, and support services they receive; (x) the regulatory risks related to new and evolving technologies such as AI and our ability to realize a return on our development efforts; (xi) our ability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of any acquisitions of or investments in companies; (xii) delays or reductions in information technology spending; (xiii) adverse litigation results; and (xiv) changes in sales, which may not be immediately reflected in our results due to our subscription model. Further information on these and additional risks that could affect Workday’s results is included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including our most recent report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K and other reports that we have filed and will file with the SEC from time to time, which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. Workday assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release, except as required by law. Any unreleased services, features, or functions referenced in this document, our website, or other press releases or public statements that are not currently available are subject to change at Workday’s discretion and may not be delivered as planned or at all. Customers who purchase Workday services should make their purchase decisions based upon services, features, and functions that are currently available. Workday, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions) (unaudited) April 30, 2025 January 31, 2025 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ $ 1,543 Marketable securities 6,998 6,474 Trade and other receivables, net 1,363 1,950 Deferred costs Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets 9,963 10,545 Property and equipment, net 1,140 1,239 Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred costs, noncurrent Acquisition-related intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets 1,013 1,039 Goodwill 3,478 3,478 Other assets Total assets $ 17,212 $ 17,977 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ $ Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Unearned revenue 3,812 4,467 Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities 4,821 5,548 Debt, noncurrent 2,985 2,984 Unearned revenue, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities Total liabilities 8,293 8,943 Stockholders’ equity: Common stock Additional paid-in capital 11,701 11,463 Treasury stock (1,601) (1,308) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (44) Accumulated deficit (1,137) (1,205) Total stockholders’ equity 8,919 9,034 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 17,212 $ 17,977 Workday, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share data) (unaudited) Three Months Ended April 30, Revenues: Subscription services $ 2,059 $ 1,815 Professional services Total revenues 2,240 1,990 Costs and expenses (1) : Costs of subscription services Costs of professional services Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring (2) Total costs and expenses 2,201 1,926 Operating income Other income, net Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income $ $ Net income per share, basic $ 0.25 $ 0.40 Net income per share, diluted $ 0.25 $ 0.40 Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share, basic 266,516 264,444 Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share, diluted 270,296 270,298 (1) Costs and expenses include share-based compensation expense as follows: Three Months Ended April 30, Costs of subscription services $ $ Costs of professional services Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring Total share-based compensation expense $ $ (2) In February 2025, Workday announced a restructuring plan (“Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan”) intended to prioritize its investments and continue advancing Workday’s ongoing focus on durable growth. The plan reduced Workday’s workforce by approximately 7.5%. In connection with the plan, Workday has exited certain owned office space. During the three months ended April 30, 2025, Workday recorded expenses of $132 million for employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and share-based compensation expense, and $34 million related to an impairment of office space under the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan. During the three months ended April 30, 2024, Workday recorded exit charges of $8 million associated with office space reductions under a separate restructuring plan. Workday, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in millions) (unaudited) Three Months Ended April 30, Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ $ Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Amortization of deferred costs Non-cash lease expense Losses on investments, net Accretion of discounts on marketable debt securities, net (20) (33) Deferred income taxes Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business combinations: Trade and other receivables, net Deferred costs (53) (40) Prepaid expenses and other assets (38) (21) Accounts payable (4) Accrued expenses and other liabilities (131) (193) Unearned revenue (670) (525) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities (1,345) (778) Maturities of marketable securities 1,096 Sales of marketable securities Capital expenditures (36) (81) Business combinations, net of cash acquired (512) Purchases of non-marketable equity and other investments (4) Net cash used in investing activities (523) (258) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of common stock (290) (128) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards (211) (239) Net cash used in financing activities (501) (367) Effect of exchange rate changes Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (566) (253) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the beginning of period 1,554 2,024 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the end of period $ $ 1,771 Workday, Inc. Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Data Reconciliations of Workday’s GAAP to non-GAAP operating results are included in the following tables (in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands, percentages, and per share data). See the section titled “About Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for further details. Three Months Ended April 30, Non-GAAP operating income Operating income $ $ Share-based compensation expense (1) Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions (1) Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets Acquisition-related costs Restructuring costs Non-GAAP operating income $ $ Non-GAAP operating margin (2) Operating margin 1.8 % 3.2 % Share-based compensation expense (1) 18.6 % 19.3 % Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions (1) 1.2 % 1.9 % Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 0.9 % 0.9 % Acquisition-related costs 0.3 % 0.2 % Restructuring costs 7.4 % 0.4 % Non-GAAP operating margin 30.2 % 25.9 % Non-GAAP diluted net income per share (2)(3) Diluted net income per share $ 0.25 $ 0.40 Share-based compensation expense (1) 1.54 1.42 Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions (1) 0.10 0.14 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 0.08 0.06 Acquisition-related costs 0.02 0.01 Restructuring costs 0.61 0.03 Losses on strategic investments, net 0.00 0.03 Income tax effects (0.37) (0.35) Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.23 $ 1.74 (1) The Share-based compensation expense and Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions lines in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above exclude $42 million and $2 million, respectively, related to restructuring initiatives for the three months ended April 30, 2025. These expenses are included in the Restructuring costs lines. (2) Operating margin and diluted net income per share are calculated using unrounded data. (3) For the three months ended April 30, 2025, GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net income per share were calculated based upon 270,296 diluted weighted-average shares of common stock. For the three months ended April 30, 2024, GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net income per share were calculated based upon 270,298 diluted weighted-average shares of common stock. Reconciliation of Workday’s GAAP cash flows from operating activities to non-GAAP free cash flow is as follows (in millions). See the section titled “About Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for further details. Three Months Ended April 30, Net cash provided by operating activities $ $ Less: Capital expenditures (36) (81) Free cash flows $ $ About Non-GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP Financial Measures To provide investors and others with additional information regarding Workday’s results, the following non-GAAP financial measures are disclosed: non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP diluted net income per share, and free cash flows. Workday has provided a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure used in this earnings release to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin differ from GAAP in that they exclude share-based compensation expense, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, and restructuring costs. Non-GAAP diluted net income per share differs from GAAP in that it excludes share-based compensation expense, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, restructuring costs, gains and losses on strategic investments, and income tax effects. Free cash flows differ from GAAP cash flows from operating activities in that it treats capital expenditures as a reduction to cash flows. Workday’s management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for internal budgeting and forecasting purposes, for short- and long-term operating plans, and to evaluate Workday’s financial performance. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures reflect Workday’s ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in Workday’s business. Management also believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating Workday’s operating results and prospects in the same manner as management and in comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. Management believes excluding the following items from the GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations is useful to investors and others in assessing Workday’s operating performance due to the following factors: • Share-based compensation expense. Share-based compensation primarily consists of non-cash expenses for employee restricted stock units and our employee stock purchase plan. Although share-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees and executives, this expense is determined using a number of factors, including our stock price, volatility, and forfeiture rates, that are beyond our control and generally unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. Further, share-based compensation expense is not reflective of the value ultimately received by the grant recipients. • Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions . We exclude the employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions in order to show the full effect that excluding share-based compensation expense has on our operating results. Similar to share-based compensation expense, this tax expense is dependent on our stock price and other factors that are beyond our control and do not correlate to the operation of our business. • Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets . For business combinations, we generally allocate a portion of the purchase price to intangible assets. The amount of the allocation is based on estimates and assumptions made by management and is subject to amortization. The amount of purchase price allocated to intangible assets and the term of the related amortization can vary significantly and are unique to each acquisition and thus we do not believe this activity is reflective of our ongoing operations. Although we exclude the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets from these non-GAAP financial measures, we believe that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. • Acquisition-related costs. Acquisition-related costs include direct transaction costs, such as due diligence and advisory fees, and certain compensation and integration-related expenses. We exclude the effects of acquisition-related costs as we believe these transaction-specific expenses are inconsistent in amount and frequency and do not correlate to the operation of our business. • Restructuring costs. Restructuring costs are associated with a formal restructuring plan and are primarily related to workforce reductions, the closure of facilities, and other exit and disposal activities. We exclude these expenses because they are not reflective of ongoing business and operating results. • Gains and losses on strategic investments. Our strategic investments include investments in early stage companies that are valuable to Workday customers and complementary to Workday products. Gains and losses on strategic investments may result from observable price adjustments and impairment charges on non-marketable equity securities, ongoing mark-to-market adjustments on marketable equity securities, and the sale of equity investments. We do not rely on these securities to fund our ongoing operations nor do we actively trade publicly held securities, and therefore we do not consider the gains and losses on these strategic investments to be reflective of our ongoing operations. • Income tax effects. We utilize a fixed long-term projected tax rate in our computation of the non-GAAP income tax provision to provide better consistency across the reporting periods. In projecting this long-term non-GAAP tax rate, we utilize a three year financial projection that excludes the direct impact of the items excluded from GAAP income in calculating our non-GAAP income. The projected rate considers other factors such as our current operating structure, existing tax positions in various jurisdictions, and key legislation in major jurisdictions where we operate. For fiscal 2026 and 2025, we determined the projected non-GAAP tax rate to be 19%, which reflects currently available information, as well as other factors and assumptions. We will periodically re-evaluate this tax rate, as necessary, for significant events, relevant tax law changes, material changes in the forecasted geographic earnings mix, and any significant acquisitions. Additionally, with regards to free cash flows, Workday’s management believes that reducing cash provided by operating activities by capital expenditures is meaningful to investors and others because it provides an enhanced view of cash flow generation from the ongoing operations of our business, and it balances operating results, cash management, and capital efficiency. The use of these non-GAAP measures have certain limitations as they do not reflect all items of expense or cash that affect Workday’s operations. Workday compensates for these limitations by reconciling the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, these non-GAAP measures may differ from the non-GAAP information used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore comparability may be limited. Management encourages investors and others to review Workday’s financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure. Gartner Disclaimer Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. The Gartner content described herein (the “Gartner Content”) represents research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Gartner, Inc. (“Gartner”), and is not a representation of fact. Gartner Content speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date of this Earnings Press Release), and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Content are subject to change without notice. Investor Relations Contact: ir@workday.com Media Contact: media@workday.com

=== EARNINGS PRESENTATION ===

Workday, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal 2026 Prepared Remarks May 22, 2025

Introduction Welcome to Workday’s first quarter fiscal 2026 earnings conference call. On the call we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO, Zane Rowe, our CFO, and Gerrit Kazmaier, our President, Product & Technology. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today, and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today’s call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday’s performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, the transcript of this call and our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call.

Our second quarter fiscal 2026 quiet period begins on July 15th, 2025. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2025. With that, I will hand the call over to Carl. CEO Remarks

Thanks, Justin. And hello to everyone joining us on our call today.

I'm pleased to report that Workday delivered a solid first quarter. We drove 13% subscription revenue growth and a non-GAAP operating margin of 30%. This performance was fueled by strong customer adoption across key verticals, geographies, and customer segments.

We all know the economic environment remains a bit uncertain, but I'm incredibly proud of how our teams are staying focused on our customers' success, and THAT is driving our results.

Workday’s value proposition remains highly relevant in today’s market. The CEOs I meet have three key priorities: they want to drive efficiencies, they need to be agile in response to market shifts, and they want to unlock growth with innovation. And from our perspective, they’re turning to Workday for all three.

We help manage and optimize their most critical assets—that is their people and money— on one platform with AI at the core. This unified approach reduces total cost of ownership and helps them move faster, with greater precision.

Our customers trust that Workday’s AI is powered by the largest and cleanest finance and HR dataset. Our AI is fueled by more than 70 million users under contract and 1 trillion transactions processed on the platform last year, which gives us a deep understanding of HOW people work. This enables us to deliver highly differentiated value to our customers. I’ll speak more about that in a moment. But first, let’s turn to our customer highlights for the first quarter.

In Q1 we established new HCM relationships with United Airlines, Pilot Travel Centers, and Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company. And it was another strong quarter of expansions with customers such as FedEx, CVS Health, ASDA stores and Chipotle.

Our investment in Financials continues to pay off, with solid growth in both net new ACV and customers. More than 30% of our net new wins this quarter were once again full suite, and in our focus industries of SLED and healthcare it was more than 50%. We also had some strategic Financials go-lives this quarter, including BJ’s Restaurants, Essentia Health, and Genesys Cloud Services.

Our AI innovation continues to gain traction—new ACV across our AI products more than doubled year over year in Q1. And roughly 25% of our customer expansions in the quarter included one or more of these products, such as Recruiting Agent, Talent Mobility Agent, Evisort and ExtendPro. Fantastic companies including Visa, LabCorp, and Aon all selected our AI products.

I’m also excited about the momentum we’re building with the office of the CIO. We’re driving increasing demand for ExtendPro, which enables our customers to build AI applications on top of our platform. This continues to be one of our fastest growing products, and it’s amplifying innovation for our customers.

While Workday serves more than 60% of the FORTUNE 500, 75% of our customers have fewer than 3,500 employees, and we see a significant growth opportunity in the emerging and medium enterprise market.

In Q1, we launched WorkdayGO specifically for these companies. It gets them up and running on our enterprise-grade platform fast—we’re talking implementations in as little as 30 to 60 days with pre-configured deployment. And it's not just the software. They get the full support of our partner ecosystem and a clear, fixed pricing model. It really moved the needle for us in Q1, helping our emerging and medium enterprise teams deliver a strong quarter.

Now, let’s talk about industries. I’m excited to share that we now have five industries exceeding $1 billion in annual recurring revenue. Manufacturing and Tech and Media — two industries that had a solid quarter in Q1 — recently reached this milestone. They join our three other billiondollar industries: Financial Services, Retail and Hospitality, and Professional and Business Services. Like I’ve mentioned many times, this shows the strength and diversity of our business.

Our focus on the Federal sector continues to pay off. We are building a foundation for long-term growth in this market. This was clear in the huge success of our third annual Federal Forum. Attendance was up 65% at this year’s event, and we had some great conversations with senior government leaders about the critical need for transforming the federal workforce, especially in key areas such as AI, security, and skills.

We’re also very proud of our leadership in Higher Education. We were just named a leader in the first-ever Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Higher Education Student Information Systems Software as a Service1. In Q1 we were thrilled to welcome Centre College, Bow Valley College, and Gannon University as new customers. And we’re seeing great success with Workday Student go-lives, including the University of Arkansas System, which is now fully live at 14 institutions across the entire state.

In an environment where everyone is trying to do more with less, Workday gives our customers the ultimate advantage. AI is built directly into our platform and it’s always on, greater than 60% of our customers already leveraging Workday Illuminate AI. We’re excited by the adoption we’re seeing, but we’re even more excited about the strong ROI our customers are getting from our AI solutions.

Look at Western Union, a longtime Evisort customer. Using Evisort’s AI powered contract management solution, which was made available through Workday in Q1, they were able to process contracts 65% faster, while reducing associated outside legal spend by almost 70%. Just incredible results! The Evisort team had a fantastic Q1 - and they’re just getting started. Customers are clearly willing to pay for these types of results, which opens up significant new AI monetization opportunities to help fuel our long-term growth and set us apart from the competition.

When we look at our roadmap, our focus is on delivering innovations that drive meaningful ROI for our customers. In fact, our Agents must meet specific TCO, or total cost of ownership requirements with our early adopter customers before we even bring them to market.

Just this week, we announced a wave of new AI Agents that harness the power of our unmatched dataset to help amplify talent potential, reduce costs, accelerate decision-making, and mitigate risk.

And to keep us at the forefront of AI innovation, we're really excited to welcome Peter Bailis as our new Chief Technology Officer. Peter will lead our AI and ML initiatives, driving our vision forward. With his background at Stanford and Google Cloud, he has a proven track record of AI innovation at scale, and I couldn’t be more excited he chose Workday.

Partners continue to be a critical driver of our success – extending the power of our platform, fueling pipeline growth, and bringing new innovations to our customers. In Q1, we once again saw great contributions from our partners—with more than 20% of our net new ACV in the quarter coming from partner-sourced pipeline.

Partners are also critical in helping us expand into new markets and meet the diverse needs of our global customers. In Q1 we signed our first volume Managed Service Provider partnership with The Mutual Group (TMG) to serve the mutual insurance industry. Additionally, our Global Payroll Connect program now supports payroll delivery in 187 countries and territories, thanks to 29 partners building integrations. And through our partnership with Strada, our customers can manage up to 60 global payrolls all under a single Workday contract.

On the innovation front, we’re seeing strong momentum in our “Built on Workday” program. In Q1 alone, we added 25 new partner apps to the Workday Marketplace.

Our community of customer and partner developers has nearly doubled over the past year–a testament to the power of building on the Workday platform. And in just two weeks we'll host thousands of them at our developer conference, Devcon, in Las Vegas.

Our investments in our global strategy are helping us better serve our existing customers, attract new ones and make our operations even more efficient. In Q1, we saw solid growth across EMEA, Asia Pacific and Japan.

In EMEA, we had notable net new wins with Opella Healthcare and global manufacturer Georg Fischer and we expanded with semiconductor equipment manufacturer ASML, and insurance provider Aviva. We also had a major Financials expansion with Decathlon, as this relationship continues to grow.

As part of our ongoing investment in the U.K., we went live on the AWS U.K. public cloud, making it possible for customers to access Workday solutions locally. We also announced a new location for our EMEA headquarters in Dublin, which will bring our local workforce of more than 2,000 employees together.

APAC had a strong start too, with wins at Swinburne University of Technology, the University of Melbourne in Australia, Collins Foods and PPL Pharma.

And finally, Japan kicked off the year with new wins at Mitsubishi Motors, TEPCO, and Rigaku.

In Q1, we saw the diversity and durability of our business firsthand, with multiple levers driving long-term growth.

Looking ahead, we’re staying close to our customers as they navigate the macro environment. No company is immune to these challenges, and we’re watching it across particular markets such as SLED and our international business. That said, we’ve got a compelling value proposition and our teams are focused on controlling what we can - and that is to deliver innovation and strong ROI for our customers.

The future of work has evolved. During the pandemic, it was about where people worked and how they collaborated. Today, it’s about how humans and AI agents work together – and how companies manage the human and digital workforce as one.

I believe no company is better positioned than Workday to lead this shift. With our expertise, our unparalleled data, and a platform built with AI at its core, we’re ready to shape the future of work.

I want to give a heartfelt thank you to our customers for their continued trust in Workday, to our incredible partners, and especially to our Workmates around the world. Your hard work and commitment gave us such a solid start to the year – and I couldn’t be more grateful. With that, I’ll hand it over to Zane.

CFO Remarks

Thanks Carl, and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. Our solid Q1 results highlight the ongoing progress across our strategic growth areas, and the continued efficiencies we are driving throughout the business.

Turning to results, subscription revenue in the first quarter was $2.059 billion, up 13%, or 15% when adjusting for the leap year compare. Professional services revenue was $181 million, resulting in total revenue of $2.240 billion, growth of 13%.

From a geographic perspective, U.S. revenue in Q1 totaled $1.68 billion, up 13%, and international revenue totaled $559 million, also up 13%.

12-month subscription revenue backlog, or cRPO, was $7.63 billion at the end of Q1, increasing 15.6%. This includes approximately half-a-point of growth from subscription contracts related to implementation and testing environments, which we refer to as tenants. While these short-term contracts have and continue to be part of our subscription revenue, we are now including them in cRPO as they have grown with the business.

Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $24.62 billion, up 19%, and gross revenue retention rates remained a strong at 98%.

Non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $677 million, representing a non-GAAP operating margin of 30.2%. The outperformance versus guidance was the result of moderated headcount growth, along with revenue outperformance. GAAP operating income in the quarter of $39 million was impacted by a $166 million charge related to the restructuring which occurred earlier in the year.

Q1 operating cash flow was $457 million, growth of 23%.

We repurchased $293 million dollars of our shares during the quarter and had $509 million in remaining authorization as of April 30. In addition, our board has approved a new $1 billion open ended buyback authorization.

We ended the quarter with $8 billion in cash and marketable securities.

Our current headcount, which incorporates the previously announced restructuring, stands at approximately 19,300.

Now turning to guidance. Our Q1 subscription revenue performance, and progress across the key initiatives Carl highlighted earlier, positions us well for the year and we are reiterating our subscription revenue guidance of $8.8 billion. Our outlook benefits from our diverse set of opportunities, and the important role that our platform plays across our customer base and partner ecosystem. While there is heightened macro uncertainty - particularly across certain markets and verticals - we haven't seen this meaningfully impact our business and our growth prospects. Though it’s early in the year and the environment remains fluid, we remain focused on execution and our strategic initiatives.

We anticipate Q2 FY26 subscription revenue to be approximately $2.160 billion, growth of 13%. We continue to expect a slightly faster pace of subscription revenue growth in the second half of the year - particularly in Q4 - driven in part by revenue from product deliverables associated with previously closed deals.

We expect cRPO to increase between 15% and 16% in Q2. This includes approximately a point of growth from the previously discussed tenant contracts. We expect a similar quarterly impact of approximately one percentage point to cRPO growth for the remainder of the year.

We continue to expect FY26 professional services revenue of approximately $700 million. For Q2, we expect professional services revenue of $180 million.

We expect FY26 non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28.5%. This outlook accounts for the Q1 outperformance, along with continued investments across key growth areas including AI, our partner ecosystem, and targeted international markets. In addition, it includes our ongoing efforts on growing efficiently. We continue to position the business to drive long-term growth AND margin expansion.

For Q2, we expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 28%.

We expect GAAP operating margins to be approximately 20 and 21 points lower than our Q2 and full-year FY26 non-GAAP operating margins, respectively.

The FY26 non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 19%.

We are maintaining our FY26 operating cash flow outlook of $2.75 billion, and we continue to expect FY26 capital expenditures of approximately $250 million.

Entering Q2, our teams remain dedicated to delivering value to our customers, driving innovation, and strategically investing in our key growth areas to deliver on our medium and long-term objectives.

With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.

[END OF PREPARED REMARKS] _____________________________________________ 1 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Higher Education Student Information System Software as a Service. By Grace Farrell, Robert Yanckello, 24 March 2025. Gartner Disclaimer: Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. The Gartner content described herein (the “Gartner Content”) represents research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Gartner, Inc. ("Gartner"), and is not a representation of fact. Gartner Content speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date of this Earnings Call), and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Content are subject to change without notice.