=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Barclays PLC Q1 2026 Results 13 May 2026 Analyst Sell Side Meeting transcript (amended in places to improve accuracy and readability)

Anna Cross, Group Finance Director Good morning everyone. I'm going to keep my opening remarks very brief and what I'm going to do is just emphasis e some points of detail that hopefully, you will find useful as you update your models post Q1 results. So let me begin with USCB. We completed the Best Egg acquisition on the 1st of May, following the American Airlines (AA) portfolio sale on the 24th of April, so they are both done. Given the moving parts, let me remind you about how we think about the income outlook from here and mix. As I told you at Q1, the loss of AA will largely be offset by the addition of Best Egg and some business growth. So, the total income in Q1 provides a good starting point for the rest of the year, subject, of course, to FX. Q2 is the notable exception for two reasons. First, income will include a circa $300 million gain on sale from AA booked in non -NII. And secondly, card balances will initially be lower, so they will fall before growing for the rest of the year. As we told you in February, our target for this division is to deliver a high single -digit total income CAGR from 20 25 to 20 28. And we're guiding on a total income basis, given that the majority of B est Egg's income will be booked through non -NII. So you're going to see a switch. Looking specifically at the income mix for USCB, non-NII made up 16% of USCB income in Q1, and we expect that to increase to around 20% from H2 2026. So whilst we're discussing modelling details for 2026, let me also briefly cover costs. As a reminder, we are accelerating some investments given greater confidence in productivity and efficiency opportunities. In BUK, we expect investments to be weighted more towards H1 versus last year, resulting in higher year-on-year costs in Q2. Costs in the second half of 2026 will be lower than in H1 as efficiencies are delivered. And of course, we still expect lower cost s in 2026 versus 2025 and a low 50s cost : income ratio for the year. And in Private Banking and Wealth Management, we expect costs to build progressively quarter -byquarter through 2026 to support greater productivity. Moving on to UK bank taxes, which is coming up in the press and in a number of sell-side reports. As a reminder, the total tax rate for UK banks is already circa 46% with London the highest globally taxed financial centr e. This is comprised of corporate income tax, bank levy, irrecoverable VAT,

property tax, national insurance contributions and the much -discussed banking surcharge. These items come through both tax and the cost line for UK banks. But to put things in perspective, the current 3% banking surcharge raises around £ 1 billion annually for the UK as a whole. As a Barclays specific matter, only our UK banking profits are subject to the surcharge. So, any potential increase would have a modest or a relatively modest impact for us. To give a sense of scale, a 1% increase would increase the amount we pay by around £35 million per year. Ultimately, we see our commitment to deploy £ 30 billion of lending RWAs as a more impactful way to support UK growth and investment. And given the momentum that we are seeing, we remain confident in delivering that plan. Which is driven by our own actions and does not rely just on the macro backdrop. And businesses are telling us that they want to invest. For example, 78% of companies we surveyed at the end of March remain confident in their prospects and 69% expect only a moderate impact on investment plans from ongoing global uncertainty. To finish, I want to emphasi se the consistency of operational execution that I see across the group and in each one of our divisions. Nine quarters into the plan, we're delivering against all of our objectives with real momentum. We're raising the level and consistency of returns. We're increasing shareholder distributions, and we're rebalancing the group towards the highest returning divisi ons. With that, I'm happy to take your questions. Michael Christodoulou, Berenberg I guess if we start maybe with UKCB . So I guess there, the loan growth has been picking up in recent quarters. But I guess the question becomes what's the margin that you expect going forward in that business? I mean there is some increase in terms of going back to your natural market share, but how tough is it to actually do that without compromising margin? And then a second one on that, what's the through -the-cycle cost of risk? I think it's 35 basis points [is ] what you're expecting now. But I guess on a bigger book with a bigger push, maybe that should be going up ? And then a second one, maybe on the overall cost efficiencies. When those were issued, I guess, inflation expectations were arguably lower. Do you see any risk on that and whatever levers you would pull to maybe offset that? Anna Cross Okay. Thank you, Michael. Let me start with UKCB. So, our objective here is to lend more and it forms a really key part of our £ 30 billion commitment and the [ >5%] CAGR in lending beyond that. As I look at the lending that's being put down there, Michael, I see no deterioration in margin , and no deterioration in the risk profile. The thing that we look at is the delinquency grades, [there is] no change in that at all. And really, that's because of two reasons. The first is, clearly, we're coming from a situation where our loan-to-deposit ratio is so low. We have actively not lent to many of our clients in the past. And this is about really having a clear intention and determination to lend where appropriate. So roughly half of our lending is coming from new clients , half of it is coming from existing clients . And as those new client s come on

board, they're not meaningfully changing any of the kind of risk profile that we see and the portfolio margin remains static. So what's driving that? Well, firstly, it's that intention and secondly, it's the capability that we are landing. So the thing that we've done so far is materially changed the loan process, and what that does is it gives both the client and the regional teams confidence in our ability and intent to lend. That's really improved the lending pipeline. The other thing that we have actually seen is that as we engage with those clients more fully, what we're seeing is [that] they're getting to a higher number of products much faster than we would have expected. So the 2024 cohort, as I look at them now, are actually exhibiting the same number of products that would have taken previously four to five years to get to. So just that increased engagement with the client is really helpful. All of this, of course, is before we land iPortal , so all of the technology is there. We expect to migrate the corporates through this year, and that really gives us the opportunity to digitally engage . And it's what really that gives us the confidence that we continue this kind of momentum. Your second point on loan loss rate. So on the basis that we're not changing the portfolio mix in any meaningful way, we wouldn't expect to change that loan loss rate guidance. On cost efficiencies, we've gone through a period from 20 24 to 2026 where we actually experienced fairly high levels of inflation because inflation reaches us typically on quite a lagged basis. If you think about our major stripes of cost : people, property, technology, you don't see an immediate inflationary transmission through to t hose costs, Michael, they tend to sort of lag a little. So actually, 2024 and 20 25 were relatively high levels of inflation for us, 2024 in particular. So we'd expect inflation to come through on a lagged basis, and what we've done before is try to lean more into the growth efficiency targets that we have to try and manage that position. So at this point, I wouldn't change our targets. I would expect us to go harder after efficiencies to try and manage it wherever possible. Amit Goel, Mediobanca So I just wanted to actually follow up. I know you did comment a bit on the [Q126 Analyst] call on it, but the commentary on NII and consensus being light in 20 27, I'm just kind of curious because, obviously, I think in terms of structural hedge modelling and rate assumptions, I think most analysts probably have the same, if not higher rate assumption and they've been modelling this now for a long time. And then, say, on USCB, you're saying it's a bit more of a shift to non-NII. So really just trying to understand a bit better where you think the disconnects are? And then secondly, when I think about BUK in terms of profitability, if I just run with rate expectations, I get much higher profitability than the greater than 20% [RoTE]. I appreciate there’s a greater than. So just trying to think how you think about that? Why then with the target you say greater than 20% [RoTE] and/or are you looking to redeploy more of the revenue into investment, et cetera, but just how you're thinking about that as well? Anna Cross

Okay. So let me start with the first one. I'll just go back to what I said on the call. I think as we talk about NII, we tend to talk more heavily about the BU K and I think that's well understood, well modelled . And we've been disclosing it for a very long time, so it's something that's clearly understood by the market. I think for the other businesses because they are newer, perhaps with less of a track record, and it's taking us a while perhaps to sort of really get a clear idea out there about what we think the possibilities of those businesses are. Really outside of BUK, I would say all of the areas show some upside to consensus, but I would say notably the two that I called out , and actually, if you look at the sort of Q1 NII growth year -on-year, [UKCB] and USCB both showed quite substantial growth. That's coming not only from our lending, but it's also coming from deposits because as we bring on new clients, we're also bringing their deposits with them. So you've got quite a holistic rounded growth there and obviously, the opportunities that we've got going forward as we land iPortal. On USCB, you're right about the change in mix. But we've seen very good organic growth in this business over time, I think 10% growth to the first quarter. And then you have to think about what we're layering on top of that , there will be new partners in time. As we bring those partners into play, we would expect to bring all of the products that we have across US CB to those partners, not only Best Egg, but the considerable growth that we've got in our deposit franchise. We feel that that's going really well in the US. So I think it's more of a holistic point also in US CB. So there's nothing I would call out in terms of a single factor. Just I think we probably have more confidence in those businesses than is yet reflected in consensus. For BUK, look, the target is greater than [20% RoTE], we do expect to invest more in the business, but all of that is contained within the cost: income ratio guidance that we've already given you. If anything, what we are telling you is that we see opportunities to invest in that faster, which is why we're skewing the investment this quarter as we are, to try and bring things forward because we see really clear opportunities to take cost out of that business. We do expect to see lending continue to grow. Obviously, we expect to see a normali sation of the loan loss rate, but we now think that, that will be around 30 basis points. So we've given you all the factors, and we're saying greater than 20% [RoTE], but it is a competitive market. We see that now. We see that at points through the cycle. So we're just mindful of that. Guy Stebbings, BNP Paribas The first question was on [ Investment Bank ] capital. There's been a lot of discussion around where some of your US peers are prepared to put more capital to work now given some of the regulatory changes. I know on the call, I think Venkat said that its landing broadly as expected, but I guess it's only now we're starting to see how people react and what the behaviours are. So does that worry you at all from a competitive dynamics and market share perspective, especially if we don't get any dramatic changes in the UK on that side, what do you think might happen? And in terms of some of the stuff more in your own control, if you like, is there much more you can do in terms of recycling RWAs around the Investment Bank from an efficiency point of view? I know

you've done some pretty good stuff in the last couple of years, but I don't know if we're towards the end of that journey as it were. I guess I'm really trying to get a sense as to how difficult it will be to hold market share, grow market share whilst holding RWAs flat certainly from the outside, it looks like quite a challenging objective. And the second question was around U.K. politics, which I appreciate you might try to dodge. But I guess it wasn't that long ago that Barclays talked about the UK political backdrop being the best it's been in a long, long time. Presumably, that informed the renewed push into the UK, particularly on the corporate side. So if we do see a meaningful shift to the higher taxes, be that personal , corporate, banking taxes, whatever it might be, could that change the strategy? Or frankly, is the bar just so high before you pivot from here? Anna Cross Okay. Thank you very much for that. So what Venkat was really getting at on the [Barclays Q126 Results] call was that if you go back over the last few quarters, it's not just in Q1 that we've seen a change in either capital or leverage deployed across the industry more broadly. It's actually been several quarters now. So probably more marked in the first qu arter just because of the market environment that we saw in particular. So perhaps more of a step change there. So you're seeing both a seasonal step -up and you're also seeing, if you like, that volatility impact. But we've seen it sort of quarter in, quarter out for quite a few quarters now, and I'd encourage you to go back and look at that. It's certainly something that we are focused on. From our perspective, we still think that there's more to go. And our choice here is to run the IB in a very, very disciplined way. So we did put more RWAs into the IB in the quarter. And we felt we did that in an appropriate way. You can see that our Markets results in particular, are broadly in the pack, if you look at them in dollars . FICC, you have to recall, has got no commodities in it. So ex commodities, we think that's a good performance. Equities was right in the middle of the pack. And we did so w hile still increasing our revenue over RWA, went up to 8% in the quarter. We had one loss day and the VAR was flat. So across risk and across capital deployment, our choice is to be disciplined . Because fundamentally, our goal with this business is to get to a sustainably higher level of RoTE. So expect us to keep going down that route. We still think there's more to go on the optimi sation of RWAs. Not least there's another year to go, because remember, at the beginning of the story, we said there was three years' worth of banking to work through. So we're only sort of two years and one quarter through that. So still a bit more to go there. And we continue to learn. And obviously, in this kind of environment, capital moves quickly. The velocity of capital goes up. So your risk management needs to be very good. That's where the discipline comes in. But we remain confident that we can continue to do this. And of course, much of the areas of growth that we are focused on, we'd either put capital into already or are inherently capital-light. And I'll just take you back to the sort of guidance that we gave you on the 10th of February [2026], we said that our market share would be broadly stable, and we are expected to see some growth in

[Investment] Banking. Now [Investment] Banking, remember, is capital light. So we're already mindful of this environment when we give you the targets that we have. So expect RWAs to be broadly stable. Expect us to lean in and out depending on what the market opportunity is and to retain that very strict discipline, both around risk and around capital. Let me move to UK politics. So when we announced our strategy in 2024, that was a year in the making. So we had concluded before the change of government that it was the right thing to lean into the UK. And we believe that deeply for a couple of reasons. The first is that we believe the Bank should be rebalanced. The Investment Bank has the right waterfront, and therefore, our choice is to grow, particularly in the UK. That's a more stable source of returns for us , that’s the highest returning part of the business. So that drove our choice, but also , a reflection as we look at universal b anks across the globe, the really successful ones are very strong in their home market. And we felt that we needed more emphasis there. So it was driven by that. The political environment then changed and was then consistent with that. We would hope that whatever happens, the political environment is still geared towards growth. That's what the UK needs. It needs growth, it needs productivity. We believe that what we are doing is important as a part of that. And so we will continue that strategy. Of course, if the credit environment changed markedly, you would expect us to look at that, but the change in government alone would not be sufficient. Elise Yu Ge, KBW The f irst question is really me trying to understand Private Credit a bit more. And I appreciate you probably don't want to give us any specific numbers, so the question really is just on [a] strategy level. For example, [when it comes to Private Credit] do you have a target balance between your fee expectation and your balance sheet risk consumption? I guess, more specifically, what level of returns and your capital efficiency would determine whether you ’ll hold or distribute them? I guess that's my first question. If I can quickly throw in, are you seeing any meaningful changes right now in terms of changes in the lending discipline in Private Credit or risk management overall [for] Barclays and other banks, if that's okay. And then the second one will be on income mix really. I know you've previously talked about more stable returns and higher quality income mix. So, reflecting on Q1, FICC was amazing. But I just wonder how sustainable that performance will be, a nd when you talk about shifting towards this more stable and capital-efficient return and income, where do you think we are now versus what you ultimately want to achieve by 2028? Anna Cross Okay. There's a lot there. So I will attempt to step through it. So for Private Credit, look, we've given you new disclosure, on Slide 45. So that's our entire NBFI stack. Private Credit is obviously part of that. It's a relatively small part, as you can see. Just to level set everybody, what we previously showed you was a number of £ 20 billion. That was the committed lines. Actually, as we've gone through Q1, we noted that most of our peer banks were disclosing drawn facilities. So that's a drawn facility, that £15 billion. That's the difference between the two, just so that everybody is clear.

Look, we don't have a target balance. We have grown, I would say, broadly in line with the market over time. As we've done so, we've remained very focused on larger managers, areas where we have clear look through to the collateral for that collateral to be, in our view, higher quality, higher EBITDA businesses. We have strict concentration limits by sector, by geography, et cetera, as you would expect us to. And really, the way we think about this, El ise, is no different to if we had a direct relationship with those corporates. So that's the kind of analysis and requirements that we have. So I wouldn't call out any specific numbers, but just to say that we would anticipate that it's no different other than obviously, you've got the benefit of that being in a pool of collateral. But for us, no meaningful changes in our credit risk appetite other than the two things that Venkat called out, which don't specifically relate to that bucket. The first was more highly levered subinvestment-grade businesses. And really there, our reflection is less about Private Credit per se, more about the geopolitical instability, the risks of inflation that we've talked about, risks of higher rates, perhaps the impact of AI, we feel that those businesses, some of those businesses are perhaps a little bit more exposed. But again, it's not a meaningful part of our portfolio either in exposures or income. And then around the sort of [ Asset Backed Securities] business, smaller lenders where their financial control or the control environment is more generally less obvious to us from the outside. But they are the only two areas where we are taking a differential stance. There's nothing I would call out in terms of the industry more widely. In terms of income mix, ther e are two things I would call out. The first is we've given you some ideas about how we expect this to shape over time. I n that the sort of differential income CAGRs between the two sides of the business, if you like, the Investment Bank versus the lending side that we're more focused on. So we are, if you like, on one hand, diversifying our NII, that's really important because we have this considerable support for NII into 2029, maybe beyond, let's wait and see, from the structural hedge. But when the rate cycle does eventually turn, we want to ensure that we've got a reasonable proportion of our NII that's coming from lending. That's one of the reasons why we made the decision that we did. So diversifying NII is really important and continuing to do that through our [ >]5% CAGR [UK lending] target. Then leaning more meaningfully into fees in those businesses. So think about everything that we're doing with iPortal, think about the Premier focus that we have within the BUK, the link between Premier and Wealth in the PBWM business. All of those are designed to increase the fee pool on that side of the business. Again, more sustainable through -the-cycle revenue, very stable, et cetera. And we really feel that those investments will help us build that up. On the [Investment Bank] side, this is more a story of Financing and the International Corporate Bank. Now the International Corporate Bank benefits from all of the technology that we're putting down in corporate. It's one set of technology. And the way I think about it is you're building it for your most sophisticated clients in the IC B and then everybody else gets the benefit of it. So we've done a good job in growing deposits in the ICB. We expect to follow that with increased levels of fees associated with our Treasury Coverage model facilitated by the iPortal implementation.

And then when you get into F inancing, look, that's a business that's grown , the whole industry has grown. We've seen particularly in Q1, more revenue from Asia. That's basically our global clients seeking access to Asia. That's how we think about it. That's how we access that market. Typically, that business is very stable, given the nature of it, it's secured lending to hedge funds essentially. What we do see is that the income will go up and down with leverage in the system. Clearly, there's a lot of leverage in the system right now. But if you look back over the last few quarters, you can see just that continued progress. So we're confident in it. But all of this is designed to make the organisation higher returning, more stable and really goes back to Guy's question about how do you create an Investment Bank in particular, that has a higher, more sustainable RoTE and then elsewhere in the bank, make it less rate sensitive. Sheel Shah, JP Morgan. Two questions, please. First, on the structural hedge. It looks like there was a jump in the first quarter. Have you reassessed any of the assumptions you used to determine deposit stability and resilience in the business? And is there any way from the out side that we could try and think about how this could grow going forward? It seems quite challenging from the outside. The second would be on the cards business, US cards business. We've seen the likes of Citi and JP talk about more of a platform approach in the cards business , and a lot more connectivity between the corporates and the cards business. You've spoken about i Portal several times today. Is that something that you can look into going towards more of a platform business? I know that you are looking to bring the full product suite to some of your card partners. But is there anything further you could do for greater connectivity between both businesses? Anna Cross Okay. I will take the second one, and I might invite Dan to make some comments on the first. Daniel Fairclough, Group Treasurer Yes. So there was about a £6 billion increase in the structural hedge balance, as you note. A little bit of that was equity, which is reasonably straightforward. The rest of it, about £ 5 billion of it was due to us looking at the stability of the deposits that we've got . So some of that is very granular and reactive to the data that we see coming through over time. But also, we do continue to look at the models that we use at a granular level across the book. So as we make model improvements, sometimes that changes the structural hedge balance. So it's a combination of refinements in the modelling and increased confidence in the stability that we're seeing. Anna Cross Yes. And I think it would be probably quite difficult to model from the outside, Sheel, just because it is a detailed review of the behaviour. Daniel Fairclough

Look, obviously, this is switching balances that were previously unhedged to hedge. So it's about the stability of the income, not NII specifically. Anna Cross So Sheel, on your second question and the sort of connectivity or the platform nature of it. I wouldn't go as far as to say there's a role for iP ortal here. But if there is, then we'll come back to you and give you the royalties for that. But there is very strong connectivity between our IB clients and the cards business. I mean that is really the way we think about this primarily or the way we've always thought about it primarily is we're providing consumer credit to many of our IB clients. So that's the start point. So you've got 20 clients, you might have 20 million customers, but you have 20 clients. So that strong connectivity is really important. And of course, now we'll be potentially taking that to another set of clients because we will be securitising the Best Egg balances out of the M arkets business into the market, obviously. When we talk about the connectivity in that business, we're really talking about how we link up the deposit business with the cards business with now Best E gg because we've only really gone live with one partner on deposits, which is AARP, but that has given us a meaningful growth in deposits. Now it probably should do given the nature of that specific client. But I think that's taught us a lot about how we can bring that to bear for a particular partner client. So we are excited about how we can then integrate Best E gg into that and sort of cross -sell in both directions. So it's more about the connectivity between the retail products as opposed to sort of into the broader corporate world. Alvaro Serrano, Morgan Stanley A couple of questions from me as well, please. One on Markets business, another on e a follow-up on Private Credit. On the Markets business, in F inancing obviously has been a big source of growth. To what extent the sort of the tighter credit standards in Private Credit could slow that down? And where I'm coming from is we've now had quite a good few quarters of very strong trading. With Financing, it may slow down, last year you had Liberation Day. Are we going to run into sort of pretty tough comps, and we're going to see year-on-year declines at some point? Just sort of general thoughts as we think about sort of the revenue outlook in that business, admittedly difficult to predict . And the second question on Private Credit. We've seen another competitor in the UK that had issues with fraud in the quarter. When I've listened to you and if I've interpreted correctly and other banks, the explanation around Private Credit exposures were like, look, it's a diversified book, where there's concentration, we've got recourse to the sponsor, bulge bracket sponsors. The recourse doesn't seem to have worked in this case of your competitor and apparently , is a bulge bracket, so you raised a question about their underwriting capabilities despite this is bulge bracket. Can you sort of help us think through when you look at your book, why you think your recourse does work and why sort of that wouldn't happen to you?

So if I just pick up F inancing in particular, I mean, most of the growth in our F inancing income is liquid financing. So not the structured financing that you see within that disclosure. So quite different. So I take your point around tougher comps, Alvaro. We definitely saw at the end of this quarter, we saw more volatility. We are comping against a period of quite considerable volatility last year, but it's difficult to give you a forecast on that , nor would I give you a trading update. But just to say, the Financing business, in particular, more reliant on the demand from hedge funds for that liquid financing in terms of the growth that we've seen. And therefore, we would hope to see that continue. I 'd just remind you that it does have slight seasonality of that business. So, it tends to be bigger in Q1 and Q2 than the back end of the year just because of when dividends are paid. So just remind yourself of that. In terms of the second part of your question, we're speaking here specifically about Back leverage. From our perspective, we have very limited exposure here, not to the particular fund that was called out. And we are confident in the terms and conditions that we have and therefore, our rec ourse. Ben Toms, RBC Firstly, on UK mortgages. I feel like some of your peers have spoken a little bit more about customer mortgage journeys. Are you making any significant changes in that space? And specifically on mortgage tokenisation, when do you expect that to be a commercial reality for Barclays? And do you think that, that will come with higher spreads? And then secondly, when I look at my model, I find it difficult to not generate excess capital for Barclays, particularly when I get into 2028. Should we expect that you continue to be comfortable to run above the 14% [CET1 ratio] as we move through next year? Or as you start building excess capital, will we hear you talking more about more investments into the business? Anna Cross Okay. So I think it's too early to talk about tokenisation and what that might do within mortgages. Dan may have a view, I can ask him to add, but it feels like that's a little way off. Where we are very focused, however, is in the customer journey, both directly and via the broker. So we talked a lot about what we did last year and that new broker platform that's really helped us. It meant that March was definitely the highest applications we've ever seen. And we're also seeing much higher levels of retent ion because of some of the customer journey changes that we've made around people coming to maturity. But Dan, do you want to talk about tokenisation? Daniel Fairclough That specific use case you probably know is in the retail section of the regulated liability network. So it's something that the UK banks are collaborating on as a kind of proof of concept. I mean it's a long way away from it being a proper reality, but steps are being made on a proof-of-concept basis.

Yes. I'd just remind you, it's such a competitive market that maintaining any kind of spread advantage is very difficult in mortgages. In terms of capital, our position remains as it was in February. The capital generative capacity of the business is greater than is accounted for in both the distribution plans and the investment plans of the business that we've set out for you. So there is excess capital in the plan, if you like. What we've said is that we expect to run around the top end of our capital range until we have regulatory clarity. We will get that, we believe, in two chunks. The first will be the Basel implementation at the beginning of 2027, and then the second chunk will be IRB whenever that goes live. And again, we expect that to be in 2027. Until then, it's very difficult for us to say where in the range we will move. I guess why did we keep that level of excess capital , in part because we do see that there are opportunities for us to invest further. That may come as a result of organic or inorganic opportunities. You've seen us do sort of small tuck -ins over time. We've also increased the amount of technology that we are spending. And in the current environment, you can imagine we and others are learn ing more all the time about what is possible. So we wanted to give ourselves the flexibility to do that whilst still just putting down a meaningful change in the distributed amount, both in terms of the dividend and the buyback. Of course, if we don't see the opportunity to do that, we will return it to shareholders. And we'll be very clear about what our intentions are. It' s quite difficult to be clear sort of this far out because clearly, we're only one quarter into that new plan. But what you're calling out, which is the opportunity for increased investment or deployment of that capital is exactly what we talked about in February. Andrew Coombs, Citi A couple of questions, one on US consumer, one on the UK. On US consumer, thank you for the opening remarks and the comment around non -NII as a percentage of total revenues. I guess just to drill down into that, you talked about AA being broadly offset by Best Egg’s $700 million. B est Egg’s predominantly non-NII. Can you give us an idea of the split of the AA revenue mix that's dropping out just for our modelling purposes? And then linked to that, you obviously talked about US consumer NII being too low for consensus. I'd argue part of that is because consensus has taken out the bulk of A A through the NII line. So perhaps I can just invite you to comment on consensus non-NII for US consumer as well. And my second question on UK, completely different bit of strategy. Vim [Maru, CEO BUK] in April was in the press talking about actually potentially increasing branch numbers as opposed to cutting branch numbers, which obviously is a big step change, albeit consistent with what a couple of the peers have also said now. Do you think we're in a different environment now where the branch network is going to be more stable? And if so, what does that mean for cost opportunity going forward?

Okay. So I'm not going to be drawn on the split of AA between non-NII and NII. We've tried to give you sort of firmer guidance about total income and tell you how it will be split in totality. There's just so many moving parts here, Andy. Clearly, as we ge t more into the pattern of B est Egg being underway, we'll be able to guide you more firmly. But at this point, what we're saying is that the total income is going to be replaced both by Best Egg, which will have a portion of NII in it, but largely non -NII and the growth in the portfolio, the organic growth in the portfolio. I actually think what's going on is , yes, there'll be a bit of loss of AA in the NII consensus gap, if you like. But I think there's also this piece around just the ongoing organic momentum of that business and the way it's coming through. So I'd really encourage you to think about it as a total income and use the split that we've given you to model it. As I go to the second part of your question, when I got to Barclays in 2013, there were 1,800 branches, and there are now a little over 200. And we said a couple of years back that we weren't intending to close more. And what we need to think about here is the branch network is a retail network. It needs to reflect demographic changes in towns and cities that we operate in. It needs to reflect our regional strategy. And so it's a living, breathing thing. S o when [Vim] talked about having more branches in February, it was a reflection of that. It was a reflection of the fact that we feel like we've been at a point of stability for a while. And now we see some opportunities to improve that network. And that's not only in opening a few new ones, but it's also i n refurbishing the ones that we have because we think that alongside landing or relaunching the app at the end of the second quarter of this year, the interaction with our customers is both digital and human. We see opportunities for both. We think they're both equally important. Of course, as a transactional matter, most of our customers want to use [a] phone. But for many, they also want at times to speak to somebody. And therefore, the types of technology that we have in branch, the types of meeting space, et cetera, et cetera, are all really important. So expect us to see refurbished branches as well as putting down some new ones, and we'll talk to you about that as they occur. So it's more of an organic sort of reflection of what we see happening in towns and cities. You might actually see us relocate some. So we're in a particular s treet that's no longer where we want to be, we might want to be somewhere else. So it will morph over the next few years. Marina Shchukina, Head of Investor Relations [Can I just add one thing to be helpful Andy on AA . The only thing which is worth pointing out , and I think you’re getting there, is the American Airlines income was more weighted towards non-NII given the high quality transaction book, so more of a weighting to fees versus NII relative to the rest of USCB.] Phillip Richards, Bloomberg Intelligence I'll stick to the two questions. And the first is back to the Private Credit again. And obviously, thanks for the extra disclosure. But on Slide 46, you bold the comment that capital values need to fall about

40% before you start getting exposed to unsecured risk. And I guess the question is are you trying to reassure us that you think maybe the perception of risk in the market is overdone with regards to your exposure. So, I guess the question is in terms of the risk you have as a bank overall, do you think the risk within P rivate Credit is greater given the share of the book overall within Private Credit? Is that the area that keeps you awake essentially , is that the biggest concern? Or do you think because of these positions, there's less risk? And then secondly is on AI. And I guess the main question is no doubt in five years time, it's going to be a net benefit in terms of the cost line for the bank. But in the coming few years, do you think it's a positive or negative in terms of the cost as obviously big investment spend, hiring new employees with the experience, you' re running two systems of the legacy? Or do you think the benefits coming through short term will offset that? Anna Cross Okay. Thank you. So we set out Page 46 in response to an investor request actually for us to just be really clear with the market how this type of Private Credit works. And essentially, what we're trying to do is highlight the point that you're making, which is we are senior here in the ranking. So you can see that our attachment point, if you like, is into the SPV. We have a low loan -to-value. For us, in particular, what we're also calling out is the way we manage the credit. So in other words, we are very focused on managers who create a collateral pool of very high-quality corporate credit. So its EBITDA is typically higher than $ 200[m]. We retain revaluation rights in most cases. We are in a position where we can require more collateral to be put in and also approve that collateral. So it's not just about our seniority, it's actually about the way we manage the collateral and how that collateral is managed dynamically. So that's the point that we are making there. On AI, that is like the most difficult question to answer because on the one hand, as Ben was asking, there are clearly opportunities to invest here. And on the other hand, we see opportunities both to remove cost, remove complexity, but there are also opp ortunities here that are a little bit more intangible. So where you can improve customer service, you won't necessarily see a reduction in cost, but you see a meaningful change in customer service, which you would hope would then come through in terms of revenue. So I think it's very difficult for us to isolate a line of the P&L that this will not impact because in theory, it should improve your cost of risk, it should improve your revenue, it should improve your cost line. I think we're at a point where it's very difficult to call out, which is one of the reasons that we didn't and didn't want to give a headline around it because there are as many opportunities to invest as to save certainly in the short term. Overall, longer term, given that banks are very, very heavy users of technology, you would expect it to be a net benefit. But calling that at a point of time is quite difficult to do.

Marina Shchukina [Worth just adding that all of the cost: income ratio targets that we gave you in February are intact and they incorporate all these investments in AI]. Sachin Nayar, Goldman Sachs Just firstly, on the PBWM business I think you spoke about the cost increase at Q1 from accelerated investments and inflation, which is set to continue throughout the year. Are you able to provide any more colour on the phasing and cadence of these cost impacts throughout the year? And do you retain confidence in the cost income ratio targets of high 60s percentage for 2026? And then secondly, on Best Egg , given it has completed recently, are there any synergy benefits that you've realised immediately? And any potential colour you could give on more medium-term synergy benefits, both on revenues and costs? Anna Cross Yes, sure. Thank you, Sachin. So on PBWM, what we're saying really is that you've seen a pickup in investment in this business. That's really coming through, I would say, in two meaningful areas. The first is the digital platform. The second is the wealth advisers that we're onboarding. And you'll see in Q2, the launch of that wealth advisory business very strongly linked to what V im is doing with his premier banking opportunity in the UK. Expect that to continue. We repeated our cost: income ratio. I remain confident in that, but we do expect to continue to invest in this business. And obviously, it's a very high RoTE business and one that we think has considerable opportunity to grow. So we think that's the right decision. On Best Egg, well, I can't remember what the date is today, but we've had it for 12 days. So I wouldn't call out any synergies just yet. But I would expect them to come through on the income line first. That's what we saw in Tesco. That's what I'd expect to see here. They're going to come through on funding specifically. So if you think about the Best Egg model, they were having to raise wholesale funding in order to fund those portfolios prior to securitisation. Clearly, we're not going to have to do that. So we will be able to fund them in a different way. And then there will also be other synergies from the fact that we'll be handling our own securiti sation. So they are the things that I would expect to come through sooner rather than later. And then obviously, we will see revenue synergies coming from both being able to introduce Best Egg customers to cards and vice versa. And then over time, cost synergies. A bit like Tesco, the cost synergies will come later. We want to ensure that this business is operating very, very well. It is, of course, a fintech , so it's a bit more easy to integrate than some of the businesses we've done in the past. So you'll hear more about that in time. It is a high cost : income ratio business, as you would expect, because it's fee driven. And we gave you some guidance around the cost of being about $45 million a month. Thank you so much, everybody. Good to see you. Thank you.

Important Notice The terms Barclays or Group refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. The information, statements and opinions contained in this presentation do not constitute a public offer under any applicable legislation, an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities or financial instruments, or any advice or recommendation with respect to such securities or other financial instruments. Information relating to: • regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity, resolution and related regimes is based on Barclays' interpretation of applicable rules and regulations as in force and implemented in the UK as at the reporting date, including, but not limited to: CRR; the PRA Rul ebook; and any applicable delegated acts, implementing acts or technical standards; in each case as amended and, where applicable, as such rules and regulations form part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. All such regulatory requirements are subject to change and disclosures made by the Group will be subject to any resulting changes. The Pillar 2A requirement is also subject to at least annual review; • MREL reported as at 31 December 2025 is based on Barclays' understanding of the Bank of England’s statement of policy on "The Bank of England's approach to setting a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)" published in December 2 021, and its MREL requirements communicated to Barclays by the Bank of England. In July 2025, the Bank of England published amendments to the December 2021 MREL statement of policy, which took effect on 1 January 2026. Binding future MREL requirements remain subject to change, as determined by the Bank of England, taking into account a number of factors as described in the amended statement of policy, along with international developments; • future regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity, funding and/or MREL, including forward -looking illustrations, are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not forecasts of Barclays’ results of operations or capital position or otherwise. Illustrations regarding the capital flight path, end -state capital evolution and expectations and MREL build are based on certain assumptions applicable at the date of publication only which cannot be assured and are subject to change.

Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non -[International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)performance measures included in this presentation provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an as sessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’

management. However, any non- IFRS performance measures in this presentation are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to the appendix of the Barclays PLC Results Announcements for each of the period s ended 31 March 2021, 31 March 2023, 31 March 2025, 30 June 2025, 30 September 2025, 31 December 2025 and 31 March 2026, and the Group Reporting Changes 2023 Results Resegmentation Document, respectively, which are available at Barclays.com, for further i nformation and calculations of non -IFRS performance measures included throughout this presentation, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain forward -looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Group. Barclays cautions readers that no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward -looking statements. Forward -looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘int end’, ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’, ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Forward -looking statements can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors, officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) in c onnection with this document. Examples of forward -looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Group’s future financial position, business strategy, income levels, costs, assets and liabilities, impairment charges, provisions, capital leverage and other regulatory ratios, capital distributions (including policy on dividends and share buybacks), return on tangible equity, projected levels of growth in banking and financial markets, industry trends, any commitments and targets (including sustainability-related commitments and targets), plans and objectives for future operations, IFRS and other statements that are not historical or current facts. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date on which they are made. Forward- looking statements may be affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation: changes in legislation, regulations, governmental and regulatory policies, expectations and actions, voluntary codes of practices and the interpretation thereof, changes in IFRS and other accounting standards, including practices with regard to the interpretation and application thereof and emerging and developing sustainability reporting standards (including emissions accounting methodologies); changes in tax laws and practice; the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations; the Group’s ability along with governments and other stakeholders to measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change effectively or navigate inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy is implemented in the regions where the Group opera tes, including as a result of the adoption of rules and regulations taking a different or opposing position on sustainability matters, or other forms of governmental and regulatory action against sustainability policies; environmental, social and geopolitical risks and incidents and similar events beyond the Group’s control; financial crime; the impact of competition in the banking and financial services industry; capital, liquidity, leverage and other regulatory rules and requirements applicable to past, current and future periods; UK, US, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions, including

inflation; volatility in credit and capital markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; reforms to benchmark interest rates and indices; higher or lower asset valuations; changes in credit ratings of any entity within the Group or any securities issued by it; changes in counterparty risk; changes in consumer behaviour; changes in trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs or other protectionist measures; the direct and indirect consequences of the confl icts in the Middle East and Ukraine on European and global macroeconomic conditions, political stability and financial markets; changes in US legislation and policy; developments in the UK’s relationship with the European Union; the risk of cyberattacks, information or security breaches, technology failures or operational disruptions and any subsequent impact on the Group’s reputation, business or operations; the use of new technology, including artificial intelligence; the Group’s ability to access funding; and the success of acquisitions, disposals, joint ventures and other strategic transactions. A number of these factors are beyond the Group’s control. As a result, the Group’s actual financial position, results, financial and non-financial metrics or per formance measures or its ability to meet commitments and targets may differ materially from the statements or guidance set forth in the Group’s forward -looking statements. In setting its targets and outlook for the period 2026-2028, Barclays has made certain assumptions about the macroeconomic environment, including, without limitation, inflation, interest and unemployment rates, the different markets and competitive conditions in which Barclays operates, and its ability to grow certain businesses and achie ve costs savings and other structural actions. Additional risks and factors which may impact the Group’s future financial condition and performance are identified in Barclays PLC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") (including, without limitation, Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form 20 -F for the financial year ended 31 December 2025), which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Subject to Barclays PLC's obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the UK and the US) in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward -looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

Barclays PLC Q126 Results Announcement 31 March 2026

The terms Barclays and Group refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise stated, the income statement analysis compares the three months ended 31 March 2026 to the corresponding three months of 2025 and balance sheet analysis as at 31 March 2026 with comparatives relating to 31 December 2025 and 31 March 2025 . The abbreviations ‘£m’ and ‘£bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Pounds Sterling respectively; the abbreviations ‘$m’ and ‘$bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of US Dollars respectively; and the abbreviations ‘€m’ and ‘€bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Euros respectively. There are a number of key judgement areas, for example impairment calculations, which are based on models and which are subject to ongoing adjustment and modifications. Reported numbers reflect best estimates and judgements at the given point in time. Relevant terms that are used in this document but are not defined under applicable regulatory guidance or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are explained in the results glossary, which can be accessed at home.barclays/investor-relations. The information in this announcement, which was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 April 2026, does not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. Statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, which contain an unmodified audit report under Section 495 of the Companies Act 2006 (which does not make any statements under Section 498 of the Companies Act 2006) will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies in accordance with Section 441 of the Companies Act 2006. These results will be furnished on Form 6-K to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as practicable following publication of this document. Once furnished to the SEC, a copy of the Form 6-K will be available from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Barclays is a frequent issuer in the debt capital markets and regularly meets with investors via formal roadshows and other ad hoc meetings. Consistent with its usual practice, Barclays expects that from time to time over the coming quarter it will meet with investors globally to discuss these results and other matters relating to the Group. Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to the appendix on pages 40 to 48 for definitions and calculations of non-IFRS performance measures included throughout this document, and reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Group. Barclays cautions readers that no forwardlooking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’, ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors, officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) in connection with this document. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Group’s future financial position, business strategy, income levels, costs, assets and liabilities, impairment charges, provisions, capital leverage and other regulatory ratios, capital distributions (including policy on dividends and share buybacks), return on tangible equity, projected levels of growth in banking and financial markets, industry trends, any commitments and targets (including sustainability-related commitments and targets), plans and objectives for future operations, International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and other statements that are not historical or current facts. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date on which they are made. Forward-looking statements may be affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation: changes in legislation, regulations, governmental and regulatory policies, expectations and actions, voluntary codes of practices and the interpretation thereof, changes in IFRS and other accounting standards, including practices with regard to the interpretation and application thereof and emerging and developing sustainability reporting standards (including emissions accounting methodologies); changes in tax laws and practice; the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations; the Group’s ability along with governments and other stakeholders to measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change effectively or navigate inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy is implemented in the regions where the Group operates, including as a result of the adoption of rules and regulations taking a different or opposing position on sustainability matters, or other forms of governmental and regulatory action against sustainability policies; environmental, social and geopolitical risks and incidents and similar events beyond the Group’s control; financial crime; the impact of competition in the banking and financial services industry; capital, liquidity, leverage and other regulatory rules and requirements applicable to past, current and future periods; UK, US, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions, including inflation; volatility in credit and capital markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; reforms to benchmark interest rates and indices; higher or lower asset valuations; changes in credit ratings of any entity within the Group or any securities issued by it; changes in counterparty risk; changes in consumer behaviour; changes in trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs or other protectionist measures; the direct and indirect consequences of the conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine on European and global macroeconomic conditions, political stability and financial markets; changes in US legislation and policy; developments in the UK’s relationship with the European Union; the risk of cyberattacks, information or security breaches, technology failures or operational disruptions and any subsequent impact on the Group’s reputation, business or operations; the use of new technology, including artificial intelligence; the Group’s ability to access funding; and the success of acquisitions, disposals, joint ventures and other strategic transactions. A number of these factors are beyond the Group’s control. As a result, the Group’s actual financial position, results, financial and non-financial metrics or performance measures or its ability to meet commitments and targets may differ materially from the statements or guidance set forth in the Group’s forward-looking statements. In setting its targets and outlook for the period 2026-2028, Barclays has made certain assumptions about the macroeconomic environment, including, without limitation, inflation, interest and unemployment rates, the different markets and competitive conditions in which Barclays operates, and its ability to grow certain businesses and achieve costs savings and other structural actions. Additional risks and factors which may impact the Group’s future financial condition and performance are identified in Barclays PLC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) (including, without limitation, Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 December 2025), which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Subject to Barclays PLC's obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the UK and the US) in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Notes Barclays PLC 1

For Q126, Barclays delivered a return on tangible equity (RoTE) of 13.5%, announced a £500m buyback and reiterated all 2026 and 2028 targets C. S. Venkatakrishnan, Group Chief Executive, commented "Barclays delivered another solid quarter with a 13.5% RoTE in Q126, and double-digit returns in all our businesses. This was despite a one-off charge and impairments in the quarter. Top line income grew 6% year-on-year, driven by broad based divisional performance including in the Investment Bank, where we generated over £4bn quarterly income for the first time. The cost: income ratio improved to 56% and earnings per share (EPS) grew by 8% to 14.1p. Our capital position remains robust with a 14.1% common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio and we are announcing a £500m buyback today. The breadth and quality of our businesses mean we remain confident in delivering all our financial targets across a range of environments . This includes greater than 12% RoTE in 2026 and greater than 14% RoTE in 2028.” • Q126 Group RoTE of 13.5% (Q125: 14.0%) with EPS of 14.1p (Q125: 13.0p) • Announced intention to initiate a share buyback of up to £500m following the completion of the ongoing £1bn share buyback announced at FY25 Results • Q126 Group net interest income (NII) excluding Barclays Investment Bank (IB) and Head office of £3.4bn, of which Barclays UK was £2.0bn, on track to meet the 2026 guidance of greater than £13.5bn and £8.1-£8.3bn respectively • 5% growth in UK lending year-on-year in Q126 – Delivered £22bn of c.£30bn planned UK risk weighted assets (RWAs) growth since 2024¹, of which £15bn was organic growth • Q126 Group cost: income ratio improving to 56% (Q125: 57%) driven by positive operating leverage – Delivered c.£150m of gross cost efficiency savings in Q126 • Q126 Group loan loss rate (LLR) of 74bps included a £0.2bn single name impairment charge in the IB which had a c.20bps impact on Group LLR – As a result, Group LLR in FY26 is expected to be around the top of the 50-60bps through the cycle guidance range • Strong balance sheet with CET1 ratio of 14.1% – Taking into account the impact of the £500m share buyback announced today, the CET1 ratio as of 31 March 2026 would be reduced to 13.9%, at the top end of the 13-14% range Key financial metrics:

Income Profit before tax Attributable profit Cost: income ratio LLR RoTE EPS TNAV per share CET1 ratio Total capital return Q126 £8.2bn £2.8bn £1.9bn 56% 74bps 13.5% 14.1p 405p 14.1% £0.5bn Q126 Performance highlights: • Group RoTE was 13.5% (Q125: 14.0%) with profit before tax of £2.8bn (Q125: £2.7bn). All divisions delivered doubledigit RoTE in Q126 • Group income of £8.2bn increased 6% year-on-year. Group NII excluding IB and Head Office was £3.4bn, up 12% yearon-year – Barclays UK income increased 9%, as higher structural hedge income was partially offset by retail deposit dynamics – Barclays UK Corporate Bank (UKCB) income increased 10%, reflecting higher average deposit and lending balances, and higher structural hedge income – Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management (PBWM) income was broadly stable, as growth from higher client balances was offset by the impact of deposit mix – Barclays Investment Bank (IB) income increased 4%, driven by Global Markets and Investment Banking fees partially offset by the strengthening of average GBP against USD – Barclays US Consumer Bank (USCB) income increased 14%, driven by business growth and increased purchase activity, partially offset by the strengthening of average GBP against USD • Group total operating expenses were £4.5bn, up 4% year on year – Group operating costs increased 2% to £4.4bn, reflecting further investment spend, business growth and inflation, partially offset by c.£0.2bn of cost efficiency savings and FX movements – Litigation and conduct charges of £0.1bn primarily reflected an increase in the provision for the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) motor finance redress scheme 1 Represents RWAs from business growth in Barclays UK, UK Corporate Bank and Private Bank and Wealth Management since January 2024, excluding the effects of securitisations, model updates and other methodological changes. Also excludes additional Operational Risk RWAs related to organic growth. Barclays PLC 2

Q126 Performance highlights (continued): • Credit impairment charges were £0.8bn (Q125: £0.6bn) with an LLR of 74bps (Q125: 61bps), including a £0.2bn single name charge in the IB • CET1 ratio of 14.1% (December 2025: 14.3%), with RWAs of £364.5bn (December 2025: £356.8bn). Tangible net asset value (TNAV) per share of 405p (December 2025: 409p) Group financial targets1: 2026 targets • Returns: Group RoTE of greater than 12% • Capital returns2: plan to return at least £10bn of capital to shareholders between 2024 and 2026, through dividends and share buybacks, with a continued preference for buybacks – Progressive increase in total capital returns versus 2025 – Share buybacks announced quarterly – Dividends to be paid semi-annually, including planned £2bn dividend for 2026 • Income: Group total income of c.£31bn – Group NII excluding IB and Head Office greater than £13.5bn and Barclays UK NII of £8.1bn - £8.3bn • Costs: Group cost: income ratio of high 50s in percentage terms • Impairment: expect Group LLR to be around the top of the 50-60bps through the cycle range • Capital: CET1 ratio target range of 13-14% – IB RWAs mid 50s% of Group RWAs – Impact of regulatory change on RWAs in line with our prior guidance of c.£19-26bn – c.£3-10bn RWAs from Basel 3.1, with implementation expected from 1 January 20273 – c.£16bn RWAs from USCB moving to an Internal Ratings Based (IRB) model, subject to portfolio changes and regulatory approval, c.£5bn expected on 1 January 2027 with remainder anticipated later in 2027 – Expect Pillar 2A capital to reduce upon implementation of Basel 3.1 and USCB IRB 2028 targets • Returns: Group RoTE of greater than 14% • Capital returns2: plan to return greater than £15bn of capital to shareholders between 2026 and 2028, through dividends and share buybacks. This provides capacity for additional investment and growth, exceeding the level of investment in the current plan • Income: greater than 5% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) 2025-2028 • Costs: Group cost: income ratio of low 50s in percentage terms. Cost target includes total gross efficiency savings of c.£2bn in 2026-2028 • Impairment: expect Group LLR of 50-60bps through the cycle • Capital: CET1 ratio target range of 13-14% – IB RWAs of c.50% of Group RWAs 1 Our targets and guidance are based on management's current expectations as to the macroeconomic environment and the business and may be subject to change. 2 This multi-year plan is subject to supervisory and Board approvals, anticipated financial performance and our published CET1 ratio target range of 13-14%. 3 Fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) impact mostly expected in 2027. Barclays PLC 3

Barclays Group results Three months ended £m £m % Change Barclays UK 2,258 2,074 9 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 530 484 10 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 347 349 (1) Barclays Investment Bank 4,028 3,873 4 Barclays US Consumer Bank 983 864 14 Head Office 17 65 (74) Total income 8,163 7,709 6 Operating costs (4,359) (4,258) (2) UK regulatory levies (84) (96) 13 Litigation and conduct (104) (11) Total operating expenses (4,547) (4,365) (4) Other net income 21 18 17 Profit before impairment 3,637 3,362 8 Credit impairment charges (823) (643) (28) Profit before tax 2,814 2,719 3 Tax charge (638) (621) (3) Profit after tax 2,176 2,098 4 Non-controlling interests — (2) Other equity instrument holders (244) (232) (5) Attributable profit 1,932 1,864 4 Performance measures Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 13.5% 14.0% Average tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 57.2 53.1 Cost: income ratio 56% 57% Loan loss rate (bps) 74 61 Basic earnings per ordinary share 14.1p 13.0p 8 Share buybacks announced (£m) 500 — Total payout equivalent per share c.3.6p — Basic weighted average number of shares (m) 13,727 14,314 (4) Period end number of shares (m) 13,737 14,336 (4) Period end tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 55.6 53.4

As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet and capital management1 £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances at amortised cost 438.6 430.0 419.4 Loans and advances at amortised cost impairment coverage ratio 1.3% 1.2% 1.2% Total assets 1,694.8 1,544.2 1,593.5 Deposits at amortised cost 587.6 585.6 574.3 Tangible net asset value per share 405p 409p 372p Common equity tier 1 ratio 14.1% 14.3% 13.9% Common equity tier 1 capital 51.2 51.1 48.8 Risk weighted assets 364.5 356.8 351.3 UK leverage ratio 4.8% 5.1% 5.0% UK leverage exposure 1,321.3 1,247.3 1,252.8 Funding and liquidity Group liquidity pool (£bn) 326.1 337.8 336.3 Liquidity coverage ratio2 165.4% 170.0% 175.3% Net stable funding ratio3 135.4% 135.2% 136.2% Loan: deposit ratio 75% 73% 73% 1 Refer to pages 32 to 36 for further information on how capital, RWAs and leverage are calculated. 2 Represents average of the last 12 spot month end ratios. In June 2025, Barclays implemented a new methodology for calculating net stress outflows related to secured financing transactions in the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). 3 Represents average of the last four spot quarter end positions. Barclays PLC 4

Q126 Group performance • Barclays delivered a profit before tax of £2,814m (Q125: £2,719m), RoTE of 13.5% (Q125: 14.0%) and EPS of 14.1p (Q125: 13.0p) • The Group has a diverse income profile across businesses and geographies. The 7% year-on-year appreciation of average GBP against USD negatively impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Group income increased 6% to £8,163m, as increased NII, supported by higher structural hedge income and lending growth, and higher income in Global Markets and Investment Banking fees, were partially offset by net losses on fair value lending in IB1 • Group total operating expenses increased to £4,547m (Q125: £4,365m) – Group operating costs increased 2% to £4,359m, reflecting further investment spend, business growth and inflation, partially offset by c.£150m of cost efficiency savings and FX movements – Litigation and conduct charges of £104m primarily reflected a £105m increase in the provision for the FCA motor finance redress scheme • Credit impairment charges increased to £823m (Q125: £643m), primarily driven by a single name charge of £228m in IB. Uncertainty persists and this is reflected in a net £20m increase in related management adjustments. As a result, total coverage ratio increased to 1.3% (December 2025: 1.2%) • The effective tax rate (ETR) was 22.7% (Q125: 22.8%) • Attributable profit was £1,932m (Q125: £1,864m) • Total assets increased to £1,694.8bn (December 2025: £ 1,544.2bn) driven by higher activity in Global Markets as we continue to support clients through a range of environments • TNAV per share decreased to 405p (December 2025: 409p) as EPS of 14.1p and a 3p benefit from the currency translation reserve was more than offset by an 11p negative movement in the cash flow hedging reserve, a 6p impact from FY25 dividends paid in Q126, and 6p impact from share awards vesting Group capital and leverage • The CET1 ratio decreased to 14.1% (December 2025: 14.3%). Taking into account the impact of the £500 m share buyback announced today, the CET1 ratio as of 31 March 2026 would be reduced to 13.9% (at the top end of the 13-14% target range) • The 26bps decrease in the CET1 ratio at Q126, driven by an RWAs increase of £7.7bn to £364.5bn, partially offset by an increase in CET1 capital of £0.1bn to £51.2bn, was due to: – 53bps increase from attributable profit – 41bps decrease driven by shareholder distributions including the £1.0bn share buyback announced with FY25 results and the accrual for the FY26 dividend – 17bps decrease from other CET1 capital movements, including the net impact of share awards vesting – 22bps decrease as a result of a £5.5bn increase in RWAs, excluding the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily driven by lending growth in UK businesses and higher activity in Global Markets – A £0.4bn increase in CET1 capital due to an increase in the currency translation reserve was partially offset by a £2.1bn increase in RWAs as a result of foreign exchange movements • The UK leverage ratio decreased to 4.8% (December 2025: 5.1%) as the leverage exposure increased by £74.0bn to £1,321.3bn (December 2025: £1,247.3bn). The increase in leverage exposure was primarily driven by higher activity in Global Markets Group funding and liquidity • The liquidity metrics remain above regulatory requirements, underpinned by well-diversified sources of funding, a stable global deposit franchise and a highly liquid balance sheet • The liquidity pool was £326.1bn, a decrease of £11.7bn from December 2025. The decrease in the liquidity pool was primarily driven by increased utilisation across Markets and Investment Banking and higher Treasury usage • The average 2 LCR was 165.4% (December 2025: 170.0%), equivalent to a surplus of £125.9bn (December 2025: £131.2bn) • Total deposits increased to £587.6bn (December 2025: £585.6bn), primarily driven by deposit growth in International Corporate Bank in IB • The average 3 Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) was 135.4% (December 2025: 135.2%), which represents a £166.9bn surplus (December 2025: £166.3bn) above the 100% regulatory requirement 1 Q126 includes c.£40m of fair value losses on lending. Q125 included c.£105m of fair value gains on leverage finance lending. 2 Represents average of the last 12 spot month end ratios. In June 2025, Barclays implemented a new methodology for calculating net stress outflows related to secured financing transactions in the liquidity coverage ratio. 3 Represents average of the last four spot quarter end ratios. Barclays PLC 5

Group funding and liquidity (continued) • Wholesale funding outstanding, excluding repurchase agreements, was £227.0bn (December 2025: £220.1bn) • The Group issued £3.0bn equivalent of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) instruments from Barclays PLC (the Parent company) as of Q126. The Group has a strong MREL position with a ratio of 35.4%, which is in excess of the regulatory requirement of 30.5% excluding any applicable Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) buffer Other matters • Motor finance commission arrangements: From 2003 to late 2019, Barclays, through Clydesdale Financial Services Limited (CFSL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the group, provided motor finance to customers in the UK. In January 2024, the FCA appointed a skilled person to review the historical use of discretionary commission arrangements and sales in the UK motor finance market. In October 2025, the FCA consulted on an industry-wide redress scheme for eligible motor finance customers, and Barclays engaged with the FCA as part of this process. In March 2026, the FCA published its final rules giving effect to two redress schemes for eligible motor finance customers where a commission was payable by the lender to the broker (one scheme for each of the pre and post 1 April 2014 periods). Barclays increased its provision in Q126 by £105m to reflect the expected financial impact of the redress schemes. The increase in provision is primarily driven by moving from a multi-scenario approach to a single scenario based on the FCA’s final rules and higher compensatory interest. This resulted in a provision of £430m in respect of this matter as at 31 March 2026 (as at 31 December 2025: £325m). The provision as at 31 March 2026 reflects Barclays’ estimate of cases in scope of the FCA redress schemes, the anticipated level of customer redress under the FCA’s methodology (including compensatory interest at a minimum of 3% per annum), the estimated customer response rate (with reference to prior remediation exercises across the Group), and implementation costs. The ultimate financial impact could differ from the current estimate due to factors such as customer response rates and average cost of redress. Barclays has decided not to challenge the FCA’s final rules in the interests of enabling a swift resolution for customers. However, Barclays strongly disagrees with aspects which require financial redress even where customers suffered no demonstrable financial harm. Barclays understands that it is likely there will be at least one legal challenge to the FCA’s final rules. The legal and regulatory outcomes and the nature, extent and timing of any remediation action, therefore remain uncertain. Barclays has not incorporated the potential impact of any legal challenge into the provision estimate.

• USCB portfolio changes in Q226: – American Airlines co-branded credit card portfolio exit : On 24 April 2026 Barclays exited its American Airlines cobranded credit card partnership, releasing c.$5bn of RWAs and generating an estimated gain on sale of c.$300m – Best Egg, Inc. (Best Egg) acquisition: On or around 1 May 2026, Barclays expects to complete the acquisition of Best Egg for $800m, subject to customary post-completion purchase price adjustments and satisfaction of remaining conditions to closing . Best Egg is a leading US direct-to-consumer personal loan origination platform focused on prime borrowers. The acquisition is expected to generate c.$500m of goodwill and intangibles – The estimated net impact of both transactions is expected to marginally increase the Barclays Group CET1 ratio in Q226 Anna Cross, Group Finance Director Barclays PLC 6

Barclays UK Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income 1,986 1,822 9 Net fee, commission and other income 272 252 8 Total income 2,258 2,074 9 Operating costs (1,174) (1,115) (5) UK regulatory levies (44) (43) (2) Litigation and conduct 1 (2) Total operating expenses (1,217) (1,160) (5) Other net income — — — Profit before impairment 1,041 914 14 Credit impairment charges (178) (158) (13) Profit before tax 863 756 14 Attributable profit 591 510 16 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.7% 17.4% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 12.0 11.7 Cost: income ratio 54% 56% Loan loss rate (bps) 31 28 Net interest margin 3.72% 3.55% As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 217.8 216.5 209.6 Total assets 298.4 299.6 301.4 Customer deposits at amortised cost 243.9 244.6 243.1 Loan: deposit ratio 95% 94% 93% Risk weighted assets 87.5 85.8 85.0 Period end allocated tangible equity 12.0 11.8 11.8 Barclays PLC 7

Analysis of Barclays UK Three months ended Analysis of total income £m £m % Change Retail Banking 1,725 1,573 10 Business Banking 533 501 6 Total income 2,258 2,074 9 Analysis of credit impairment (charges)/releases Retail Banking (179) (145) (23) Business Banking 1 (13) Total credit impairment charges (178) (158) (13) As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost £bn £bn £bn Retail Banking 200.1 198.6 190.4 Business Banking 17.7 17.9 19.2 Total loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 217.8 216.5 209.6 Analysis of customer deposits at amortised cost Retail Banking 193.1 192.7 190.8 Business Banking 50.8 51.9 52.3 Total customer deposits at amortised cost 243.9 244.6 243.1 Barclays UK delivered a RoTE of 19.7% (Q125: 17.4%) supported by robust income, disciplined cost management and underpinned by strong asset quality Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Profit before tax increased 14% to £863m • Total income increased 9% to £2,258m. NII increased 9% to £1,986m, as higher structural hedge income was partially offset by retail deposit dynamics. Net fee, commission and other income increased 8% to £272m • Total operating expenses increased 5% to £1,217m, driven by higher investments and inflation. Ongoing efficiency savings continue to be reinvested, to drive sustainable improvement to the cost: income ratio • Credit impairment charges were £178m (Q125: £158m), reflecting stable underlying credit performance, high quality mortgage lending portfolio with a marginal increase in delinquencies in Retail credit cards. A £10m adjustment has been recognised in the Retail credit cards portfolio, reflecting a marginally weaker UK unemployment baseline than assumed in the Q126 scenario. Retail credit cards 30 and 90 day arrears rates were 0.9% (Q125: 0.7%) and 0.3% (Q125: 0.2%) respectively. The Retail credit cards total coverage ratio was 4.6% (December 2025: 4.3%) Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost increased £1.3bn to £217.8bn, primarily driven by growth in mortgages • Customer deposits at amortised cost decreased by £0.7bn to £243.9bn, driven by seasonality. The loan: deposit ratio remained broadly stable at 95% (December 2025: 94%) • RWAs increased to £87.5bn (December 2025: £85.8bn), primarily due to growth in mortgages lending Barclays PLC 8

Barclays UK Corporate Bank Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income 394 342 15 Net fee, commission and other income 136 142 (4) Total income 530 484 10 Operating costs (239) (234) (2) UK regulatory levies (15) (24) 38 Litigation and conduct — — Total operating expenses (254) (258) 2 Other net income — — — Profit before impairment 276 226 22 Credit impairment charges (3) (19) 84 Profit before tax 273 207 32 Attributable profit 187 142 32 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.9% 17.1% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.8 3.3 Cost: income ratio 48% 53% Loan loss rate (bps) 4 28 As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 30.8 30.0 26.7 Deposits at amortised cost 88.0 88.7 85.3 Risk weighted assets 27.3 26.5 24.2 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.7 3.7 3.4 31.03.26 31.03.25 Analysis of total income £m £m % Change Corporate lending 89 80 11 Transaction banking 441 404 9 Total income 530 484 10 UKCB delivered a RoTE of 19.9% (Q125: 17.1%), as increased income from higher average deposit and lending balances, and positive operating jaws were partially offset by higher RWAs to support future growth ambitions. Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Profit before tax increased 32% to £273m • Total income increased 10% to £530m, NII increased 15% to £394m, driven by hi gher average deposit and lending balances, and structural hedge income benefit. Net fee, commission, trading and other income was broadly stable at £136m • Total operating expenses decreased 2% to £254m, reflecting a reduction in UK regulatory levies to £15m (Q125: £24m). Operating costs increased 2% to £ 239m, reflecting higher investment spend to support business growth ambitions, with ongoing efficiency savings offsetting inflationary headwinds • Credit impairment charges were £3m (Q125: £19m), reflecting strong underlying credit performance and limited single name charges Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost increased to £30.8bn (December 2025: £30.0bn), reflecting the strategic focus to grow lending • Deposits at amortised cost of £88.0bn (December 2025: £88.7bn) were broadly stable • RWAs increased to £27.3bn (December 2025: £26.5bn), reflecting higher client lending limits and growth in lending balances Barclays PLC 9

Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income 204 204 — Net fee, commission and other income 143 145 (1) Total income 347 349 (1) Operating costs (254) (234) (9) UK regulatory levies (3) (2) (50) Litigation and conduct — — Total operating expenses (257) (236) (9) Other net income — — — Profit before impairment 90 113 (20) Credit impairment releases 2 9 (78) Profit before tax 92 122 (25) Attributable profit 73 96 (24) Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 25.5% 34.5% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 1.1 1.1 Cost: income ratio 74% 68% Loan loss rate (bps) (6) (25) Key facts £bn £bn Net new assets under management1 1.5 1.0 As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 14.7 14.7 14.5 Deposits at amortised cost 73.3 72.0 73.1 Risk weighted assets 8.2 8.0 8.0 Period end allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.1 Invested assets2 135.4 140.6 124.4 Of which: Assets under management1 51.6 52.9 47.8 Assets under supervision1 83.8 87.7 76.6 Client assets and liabilities3 223.8 227.6 212.4 PBWM delivered a RoTE of 25.5% (Q125: 34.5%), reflecting higher costs from accelerated investment to support future growth and efficiency ambitions, and a lower credit impairment release. Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Profit before tax decreased 25% to £92m • Total income was broadly stable at £347m, as growth from higher client balances was offset by the impact of deposit mix • Total operating expenses increased 9% to £257m, reflecting ongoing investment to support business growth ambitions and inflationary headwinds, partially offset by efficiency savings Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • Client assets and liabilities decreased £3.8bn to £ 223.8bn, driven by the impact of negative market movements on invested assets, partially offset by net new inflows and FX impacts • RWAs were broadly stable at £8.2bn (December 2025: £8.0bn) 1 Refer to page 40 for further information on net new assets under management, assets under management and assets under supervision. 2 Invested assets (held off-balance sheet) represent assets under management and supervision. Uninvested cash held under an investment mandate and reported within deposits is excluded from invested assets. 3 Client assets and liabilities refers to deposits, lending and invested assets. Barclays PLC 10

Barclays Investment Bank Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income 383 297 29 Net trading income 2,358 2,416 (2) Net fee, commission and other income 1,287 1,160 11 Total income 4,028 3,873 4 Operating costs (2,107) (2,061) (2) UK regulatory levies (22) (27) 19 Litigation and conduct 2 (3) Total operating expenses (2,127) (2,091) (2) Other net income — — — Profit before impairment 1,901 1,782 7 Credit impairment charges (279) (72) Profit before tax 1,622 1,710 (5) Attributable profit 1,111 1,199 (7) Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 15.0% 16.2% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 29.7 29.6 Income over average risk weighted assets 8.0% 7.7% Cost: income ratio 53% 54% Loan loss rate (bps) 82 23 As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 73.6 70.0 68.6 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 10.0 7.4 7.4 Debt securities at amortised cost 52.9 52.9 53.1 Loans and advances at amortised cost 136.5 130.3 129.1 Trading portfolio assets 189.3 189.5 185.5 Derivative financial instrument assets 285.4 251.5 253.6 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 215.6 183.6 209.5 Cash collateral and settlement balances 189.2 121.6 148.8 Deposits at amortised cost 157.4 156.1 148.9 Derivative financial instrument liabilities 272.6 240.6 245.1 Risk weighted assets 201.7 196.7 195.9 Period end allocated tangible equity 29.6 28.9 28.9 Three months ended 31.03.26 31.03.25 Analysis of total income £m £m % Change FICC 1,716 1,699 1 Equities 1,116 963 16 Global Markets 2,832 2,662 6 Advisory 255 143 78 Equity capital markets 92 70 31 Debt capital markets 407 431 (6) Banking fees and underwriting 754 644 17 Corporate lending1 16 156 (90) Transaction banking 426 411 4 International Corporate Bank 442 567 (22) Investment Banking 1,196 1,211 (1) Total income 4,028 3,873 4 1 Q126 includes c.£40m of fair value losses on lending. Q125 included c.£105m of fair value gains on leverage finance lending. Barclays PLC 11

IB delivered a RoTE of 15.0% (Q125: 16.2%), driven by Global Markets and Investment Banking fees and underwriting income, whilst maintaining cost and capital discipline, driving positive operating jaws and improved RWA productivity. Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Profit before tax decreased to £1,622m (Q125: £1,710m) • IB has a diverse income profile across businesses and geographies. The 7% appreciation of average GBP against USD adversely impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Total income increased 4% to £4,028m, including the adverse impact of strengthening average GBP against USD – Global Markets income increased 6% to £2,832m, driven by increased income in Equities and Credit – FICC income was broadly stable at £1,716m (Q125: £1,699m) , as we continued to provide support to clients through a range of environments – Equities income increased 16% to £1,116m, reflecting growth in Prime Financing, and elevated volatility in Derivatives – Investment Banking income was broadly stable at £1,196m (Q125: £1,211m) – Banking fees and underwriting income increased 17% to £754m, primarily driven by Advisory and Equity Capital Markets, up 78% and 31% respectively, partially offset by Debt Capital Markets due to a strong prior year comparator – International Corporate Bank (ICB) income decreased 22% to £442m. Transaction banking income increased 4% to £426m, as higher income from g rowth in deposit balances was partially offset by margin compression due to change in deposits product mix. Corporate lending income decreased to £16m due to net losses on fair value lending¹ • Total operating expenses were broadly stable at £2,127m, driven by efficiency savings, offset by higher performance costs • Credit impairment charges increased to £279m (Q125: £72m), primarily driven by a single name charge of £228m. The tariff related adjustment from Q125 of £35m² was released, due to the lack of tariff-driven credit deterioration and losses. However, geopolitical uncertainty persists and is reflected through a management adjustment of £52m² to capture increased downside risk. Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • Loans and advances at amortised cost increased to £ 136.5bn (December 2025: £130.3bn), driven by increased lending across Global Markets and Banking • Cash collateral and settlement balances increased to £ 189.2bn (December 2025: £121.6bn), primarily driven by seasonality and higher client activity during a period of elevated volatility • Financial assets at fair value through the income statement increased to £ 215.6bn (December 2025: £183.6bn), driven by an increase in activity as we continue to support clients through a range of environments • Derivative financial instrument assets increased to £285.4bn (December 2025: £251.5bn) and liabilities increased to £272.6bn (December 2025: £240.6bn), primarily driven by the strengthening of spot USD against GBP in Q126 and elevated volatility • RWAs increased to £201.7bn (December 2025: £196.7bn), mainly driven by higher activity in Global Markets as we continued to support clients through a range of environments 1 Q126 includes c.£40m of fair value losses on lending. Q125 included c.£105m of fair value gains on leverage finance lending. 2 Net of Significant Risk Transfer (SRT). Barclays PLC 12

Barclays US Consumer Bank Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income 823 678 21 Net fee, commission and other income 160 186 (14) Total income 983 864 14 Operating costs (380) (407) 7 UK regulatory levies — — — Litigation and conduct — (3) Total operating expenses (380) (410) 7 Other net income — — — Profit before impairment 603 454 33 Credit impairment charges (367) (399) 8 Profit before tax 236 55 Attributable profit 176 41 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 18.8% 4.5% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.8 3.6 Cost: income ratio 39% 47% Loan loss rate (bps) 491 562 Net interest margin 12.76% 10.53% As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 21.0 21.1 18.8 Deposits at amortised cost 25.0 24.2 23.8 Risk weighted assets 27.6 27.4 25.6 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.8 3.8 3.5 USCB delivered a RoTE of 18.8% (Q125: 4.5%), reflecting continued operational progress, with increased income from business growth and higher net interest margin, positive operating jaws, and lower credit impairment charges. Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Profit before tax increased to £236m (Q125: £55m) • The 7% appreciation of average GBP against USD adversely impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Total income increased 14% to £983m, driven by organic business growth, the acquisition of the General Motors cobranded cards portfolio (GM portfolio) and increased purchase activity, partially offset by the strengthening of average GBP against USD. NII increased 21% to £823m with a net interest margin (NIM) of 12.76% (Q125: 10.53%), including business growth and repricing initiatives. Net fee, commission and other income decreased 14% to £160m driven by the Q425 partner reward updates, partially offset by purchases and fee growth • Total operating expenses decreased 7% to £380m, reflecting the strengthening of average GBP against USD, as business growth and inflationary headwinds were broadly offset by lower partner related expenses and ongoing efficiency savings • Credit impairment charges decreased to £367m (Q125: £399m), reflecting stable underlying credit performance. The tariff related management adjustment from Q125 of £36m was released, due to the lack of tariff-driven credit deterioration and losses. However, geopolitical uncertainty persists and is reflected through holding back a £29m release arising from the Q126 macroeconomic scenario. US cards 30 and 90 day arrears rate s1 were 3.1% (Q125: 3.0%) and 1.7% (Q125: 1.6%) respectively. The USCB total coverage ratio was 11.5% (December 2025: 11.1%) Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost were broadly stable at £21.0bn (December 2025: £21.1bn) • Deposits at amortised cost increased to £25.0bn (December 2025: £24.2bn), with growth in retail savings which is in line with USCB's ambition to grow core deposits • RWAs were broadly stable at £27.6bn (December 2025: £27.4bn) 1 Including a co-branded cards portfolio classified as assets held for sale. Barclays PLC 13

Head Office Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change Net interest income (53) 174 Net fee, commission and other income 70 (109) Total income 17 65 (74) Operating costs (205) (207) 1 UK regulatory levies — — #DIV/0! Litigation and conduct (107) (3) Total operating expenses (312) (210) (49) Other net income 21 18 17 Loss before impairment (274) (127) Credit impairment releases/(charges) 2 (4) Loss before tax (272) (131) Attributable loss (206) (124) (66) Performance measures Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 6.8 3.8 As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Risk weighted assets 12.3 12.3 12.7 Period end allocated tangible equity 5.4 7.5 4.7 Income statement - Q126 compared to Q125 • Loss before tax was £272m (Q125: £131m) • Total income decreased to £17m (Q125: £65m), driven by the impact of the disposal of the German consumer finance business in Q125, and mark-to-market losses on legacy investments • Total operating expenses increased to £312m (Q125: £210m), reflecting a £105m increase in the provision for the FCA motor finance redress scheme Balance sheet - 31 March 2026 compared to 31 December 2025 • RWAs were stable at £12.3bn (December 2025: £12.3bn) Barclays PLC 14

Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 3,737 3,734 3,745 3,505 3,517 3,500 3,308 3,056 Net fee, commission and other income 4,426 3,343 3,422 3,682 4,192 3,464 3,239 3,268 Total income 8,163 7,077 7,167 7,187 7,709 6,964 6,547 6,324 Operating costs (4,359) (4,379) (4,254) (4,149) (4,258) (4,244) (3,954) (3,999) UK regulatory levies (84) (229) 12 — (96) (227) 27 — Litigation and conduct (104) (50) (255) (76) (11) (121) (35) (7) Total operating expenses (4,547) (4,658) (4,497) (4,225) (4,365) (4,592) (3,962) (4,006) Other net income/(expenses) 21 (25) 39 (9) 18 — 21 4 Profit before impairment 3,637 2,394 2,709 2,953 3,362 2,372 2,606 2,322 Credit impairment charges (823) (535) (632) (469) (643) (711) (374) (384) Profit before tax 2,814 1,859 2,077 2,484 2,719 1,661 2,232 1,938 Tax charges (638) (388) (365) (552) (621) (448) (412) (427) Profit after tax 2,176 1,471 1,712 1,932 2,098 1,213 1,820 1,511 Non-controlling interests — (18) — (21) (2) (20) (3) (23) Other equity instrument holders (244) (258) (255) (252) (232) (228) (253) (251) Attributable profit 1,932 1,195 1,457 1,659 1,864 965 1,564 1,237 Performance measures Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 13.5% 8.5% 10.6% 12.3% 14.0% 7.5% 12.3% 9.9% Average tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 57.2 56.5 55.1 53.9 53.1 51.5 51.0 49.8 Cost: income ratio 56% 66% 63% 59% 57% 66% 61% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) 74 48 57 44 61 66 37 38 Basic earnings per ordinary share 14.1p 8.6p 10.4p 11.7p 13.0p 6.7p 10.7p 8.3p Basic weighted average number of shares (m) 13,727 13,883 14,045 14,211 14,314 14,432 14,648 14,915 Period end number of shares (m) 13,737 13,867 13,996 14,180 14,336 14,420 14,571 14,826 Period end tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 55.6 56.8 54.9 54.5 53.4 51.5 51.1 50.4 Balance sheet and capital management1 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 358.3 352.8 346.4 339.2 338.6 337.9 326.5 329.8 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 12.0 8.7 9.4 8.7 9.4 8.3 8.1 8.0 Debt securities at amortised cost 68.3 68.5 70.7 69.9 71.4 68.2 64.6 61.7 Loans and advances at amortised cost 438.6 430.0 426.5 417.8 419.4 414.5 399.2 399.5 Loans and advances at amortised cost impairment coverage ratio 1.3% 1.2% 1.2% 1.2% 1.2% 1.2% 1.3% 1.4% Total assets 1,694.8 1,544.2 1,629.2 1,598.7 1,593.5 1,518.2 1,531.1 1,576.6 Deposits at amortised cost 587.6 585.6 575.3 564.5 574.3 560.7 542.8 557.5 Tangible net asset value per share 405p 409p 392p 384p 372p 357p 351p 340p Common equity tier 1 ratio 14.1% 14.3% 14.1% 14.0% 13.9% 13.6% 13.8% 13.6% Common equity tier 1 capital 51.2 51.1 50.3 49.5 48.8 48.6 47.0 47.7 Risk weighted assets 364.5 356.8 357.4 353.0 351.3 358.1 340.4 351.4 UK leverage ratio 4.8% 5.1% 4.9% 5.0% 5.0% 5.0% 4.9% 5.0% UK leverage exposure 1,321.3 1,247.3 1,285.3 1,259.8 1,252.8 1,206.5 1,197.4 1,222.7 Funding and liquidity Group liquidity pool (£bn) 326.1 337.8 332.9 333.7 336.3 296.9 311.7 328.7 Liquidity coverage ratio 165.4% 170.0% 174.6% 177.7% 175.3% 172.4% 170.1% 167.0% Net stable funding ratio 135.4% 135.2% 135.3% 135.6% 136.2% 134.9% 135.6% 136.4% Loan: deposit ratio 75% 73% 74% 74% 73% 74% 74% 72% 1 Refer to pages 32 to 36 for further information on how capital, RWAs and leverage are calculated. Quarterly Results Summary Barclays PLC 15

Barclays UK Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q4241 Q324 Q224 Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 1,986 2,015 1,961 1,855 1,822 1,815 1,666 1,597 Net fee, commission and other income 272 247 292 264 252 800 280 290 Total income 2,258 2,262 2,253 2,119 2,074 2,615 1,946 1,887 Operating costs (1,174) (1,274) (1,189) (1,168) (1,115) (1,170) (1,017) (1,041) UK regulatory levies (44) (41) (1) — (43) (36) 12 — Litigation and conduct 1 (14) (8) (27) (2) (9) (1) (4) Total operating expenses (1,217) (1,329) (1,198) (1,195) (1,160) (1,215) (1,006) (1,045) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 1,041 933 1,055 924 914 1,400 940 842 Credit impairment charges (178) (74) (102) (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) Profit before tax 863 859 953 845 756 1,117 924 834 Attributable profit 591 706 647 580 510 781 621 584 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 217.8 216.5 213.4 211.2 209.6 207.7 199.3 198.7 Customer deposits at amortised cost 243.9 244.6 241.5 241.3 243.1 244.2 236.3 236.8 Loan: deposit ratio 95% 94% 95% 94% 93% 92% 92% 91% Risk weighted assets 87.5 85.8 86.7 86.1 85.0 84.5 77.5 76.5 Period end allocated tangible equity 12.0 11.8 11.9 11.8 11.8 11.6 10.7 10.6 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.7% 23.8% 21.8% 19.7% 17.4% 28.0% 23.4% 22.3% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 12.0 11.9 11.9 11.8 11.7 11.2 10.6 10.5 Cost: income ratio 54% 59% 53% 56% 56% 46% 52% 55% Loan loss rate (bps) 31 13 18 14 28 49 3 1 Net interest margin 3.72% 3.72% 3.68% 3.55% 3.55% 3.53% 3.34% 3.22% 1 Q424 includes the day 1 impacts from the acquisition of Tesco Bank: total Income includes a £556m gain, and credit impairment charges includes a £209m charge. Barclays PLC 16

Analysis of Barclays UK Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q4241 Q324 Q224 Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail Banking 1,725 1,702 1,708 1,599 1,573 2,078 1,433 1,402 Business Banking 533 560 545 520 501 537 513 485 Total income 2,258 2,262 2,253 2,119 2,074 2,615 1,946 1,887 Analysis of credit impairment (charges)/releases Retail Banking (179) (72) (98) (59) (145) (279) (12) (51) Business Banking 1 (2) (4) (20) (13) (4) (4) 43 Total credit impairment charges (178) (74) (102) (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Retail Banking 200.1 198.6 195.2 192.4 190.4 188.0 178.7 177.5 Business Banking 17.7 17.9 18.2 18.8 19.2 19.7 20.6 21.2 Total loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 217.8 216.5 213.4 211.2 209.6 207.7 199.3 198.7 Analysis of customer deposits at amortised cost Retail Banking 193.1 192.7 189.3 189.3 190.8 191.4 182.9 183.3 Business Banking 50.8 51.9 52.2 52.0 52.3 52.8 53.4 53.5 Total customer deposits at amortised cost 243.9 244.6 241.5 241.3 243.1 244.2 236.3 236.8 1 Q424 includes the day 1 impacts from the acquisition of Tesco Bank: total Income includes a £556m gain, and credit impairment charges includes a £209m charge. Barclays PLC 17

Barclays UK Corporate Bank Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 394 396 383 359 342 324 309 296 Net fee, commission, trading and other income 136 143 139 160 142 134 136 147 Total income 530 539 522 519 484 458 445 443 Operating costs (239) (272) (243) (240) (234) (250) (229) (235) UK regulatory levies (15) (14) 9 — (24) (14) 7 — Litigation and conduct — — — (39) — (1) — — Total operating expenses (254) (286) (234) (279) (258) (265) (222) (235) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 276 253 288 240 226 193 223 208 Credit impairment charges (3) (1) (5) (12) (19) (40) (13) (8) Profit before tax 273 252 283 228 207 153 210 200 Attributable profit 187 168 196 142 142 98 144 135 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 30.8 30.0 29.0 27.9 26.7 25.4 24.8 25.7 Deposits at amortised cost 88.0 88.7 86.7 85.3 85.3 83.1 82.3 84.9 Risk weighted assets 27.3 26.5 25.2 25.3 24.2 23.9 22.1 21.9 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.7 3.7 3.4 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.0 3.0 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.9% 19.1% 22.8% 16.6% 17.1% 12.3% 18.8% 18.0% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.8 3.5 3.4 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 Cost: income ratio 48% 53% 45% 54% 53% 58% 50% 53% Loan loss rate (bps) 4 1 7 17 28 62 21 12 Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Corporate lending 89 97 90 90 80 71 67 57 Transaction banking 441 442 432 429 404 387 378 386 Total income 530 539 522 519 484 458 445 443 Barclays PLC 18

Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 204 202 190 203 204 216 189 187 Net fee, commission and other income 143 146 145 145 145 135 137 133 Total income 347 348 335 348 349 351 326 320 Operating costs (254) (279) (243) (238) (234) (255) (222) (220) UK regulatory levies (3) (7) (1) — (2) (7) 1 — Litigation and conduct — (10) 1 — — (1) — 1 Total operating expenses (257) (296) (243) (238) (236) (263) (221) (219) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 90 52 92 110 113 88 105 101 Credit impairment releases/(charges) 2 (2) (1) 2 9 (2) (7) 3 Profit before tax 92 50 91 112 122 86 98 104 Attributable profit 73 35 72 88 96 63 74 77 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 14.7 14.7 14.9 14.5 14.5 14.5 14.0 13.9 Deposits at amortised cost 73.3 72.0 70.6 66.7 73.1 69.5 64.8 64.6 Risk weighted assets 8.2 8.0 7.9 7.9 8.0 7.9 7.3 7.0 Period end allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 Client assets and liabilities1 223.8 227.6 221.5 213.4 212.4 208.9 201.5 198.5 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 25.5% 12.6 % 26.4% 31.9% 34.5% 23.9% 29.0% 30.8% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 Cost: income ratio 74% 85% 73% 68% 68% 75% 68% 68% Loan loss rate (bps) (6) 5 3 (5) (25) 5 19 (9) 1 Client assets and liabilities refers to deposits, lending and invested assets. Barclays PLC 19

Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 383 356 347 334 297 284 282 268 Net trading income 2,358 1,294 1,581 1,906 2,416 1,262 1,512 1,485 Net fee, commission and other income 1,287 1,142 1,155 1,067 1,160 1,061 1,057 1,266 Total income 4,028 2,792 3,083 3,307 3,873 2,607 2,851 3,019 Operating costs (2,107) (1,924) (2,010) (1,932) (2,061) (1,903) (1,906) (1,900) UK regulatory levies (22) (159) 5 — (27) (161) 7 — Litigation and conduct 2 (8) (9) (8) (3) (26) (17) (3) Total operating expenses (2,127) (2,091) (2,014) (1,940) (2,091) (2,090) (1,916) (1,903) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 1,901 701 1,069 1,367 1,782 517 935 1,116 Credit impairment charges (279) (22) (144) (67) (72) (46) (43) (44) Profit before tax 1,622 679 925 1,300 1,710 471 892 1,072 Attributable profit 1,111 294 723 876 1,199 247 652 715 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 73.6 70.0 68.6 66.8 68.6 69.7 64.5 66.6 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 10.0 7.4 7.5 7.1 7.4 6.8 6.7 6.6 Debt securities at amortised cost 52.9 52.9 53.0 52.4 53.1 47.9 44.8 41.7 Loans and advances at amortised cost 136.5 130.3 129.1 126.3 129.1 124.4 116.0 114.9 Trading portfolio assets 189.3 189.5 191.3 186.1 185.5 166.1 185.8 197.2 Derivative financial instrument assets 285.4 251.5 263.8 279.0 253.6 291.6 256.7 251.4 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 215.6 183.6 222.8 215.2 209.5 190.4 210.8 211.7 Cash collateral and settlement balances 189.2 121.6 152.1 145.0 148.8 111.1 134.7 139.8 Deposits at amortised cost 157.4 156.1 152.8 148.7 148.9 140.5 139.8 151.3 Derivative financial instrument liabilities 272.6 240.6 252.0 265.1 245.1 279.0 249.4 241.8 Risk weighted assets 201.7 196.7 199.1 196.4 195.9 198.8 194.2 203.3 Period end allocated tangible equity 29.6 28.9 29.1 28.7 28.9 29.3 28.4 29.7 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 15.0% 4.0 % 10.1 % 12.2 % 16.2% 3.4% 8.8 % 9.6 % Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 29.7 29.6 28.6 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 Income over average risk weighted assets 8.0% 5.5% 6.3% 6.7% 7.7% 5.2% 5.7% 5.9% Cost: income ratio 53% 75% 65% 59% 54% 80% 67% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) 82 7 44 21 23 15 15 15 Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m FICC 1,716 1,024 1,256 1,450 1,699 934 1,180 1,149 Equities 1,116 703 689 870 963 604 692 696 Global Markets 2,832 1,727 1,945 2,320 2,662 1,538 1,872 1,845 Advisory 255 214 196 123 143 189 186 138 Equity capital markets 92 56 71 81 70 98 64 121 Debt capital markets 407 336 379 364 431 327 344 420 Banking Fees and Underwriting 754 606 646 568 644 614 594 679 Corporate lending 16 27 68 (4) 156 45 (21) 87 Transaction banking 426 432 424 423 411 410 406 408 International Corporate Banking 442 459 492 419 567 455 385 495 Investment Banking 1,196 1,065 1,138 987 1,211 1,069 979 1,174 Total income 4,028 2,792 3,083 3,307 3,873 2,607 2,851 3,019 Barclays PLC 20

Barclays US Consumer Bank Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 823 776 726 640 678 678 647 646 Net fee, commission, trading and other income 160 277 215 183 186 179 144 173 Total income 983 1,053 941 823 864 857 791 819 Operating costs (380) (427) (407) (396) (407) (433) (384) (408) UK regulatory levies — — — — — — — — Litigation and conduct — (5) — — (3) — (9) (2) Total operating expenses (380) (432) (407) (396) (410) (433) (393) (410) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 603 621 534 427 454 424 398 409 Credit impairment charges (367) (431) (379) (312) (399) (298) (276) (309) Profit before tax 236 190 155 115 55 126 122 100 Attributable profit 176 144 118 87 41 94 89 75 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 21.0 21.1 20.0 18.2 18.8 20.0 23.2 24.3 Deposits at amortised cost 25.0 24.2 23.7 22.5 23.8 23.3 19.4 20.0 Risk weighted assets 27.6 27.4 25.8 24.7 25.6 26.8 23.2 24.4 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.8 3.8 3.5 3.4 3.5 3.7 3.2 3.3 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 18.8% 15.8% 13.5% 10.2% 4.5% 11.2% 10.9% 9.2% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.8 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.6 3.4 3.3 3.3 Cost: income ratio 39% 41% 43% 48% 47% 51% 50% 50% Loan loss rate (bps)1 491 558 505 456 562 395 411 438 Net interest margin 12.76% 11.63% 11.50% 10.83% 10.53% 10.66% 10.38% 10.43% 1 LLR includes held for sale portfolios to remain consistent with the treatment of impairment. Barclays PLC 21

Head Office Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income (53) (11) 138 114 174 183 215 62 Net fee, commission and other income 70 94 (105) (43) (109) (107) (27) (226) Total income 17 83 33 71 65 76 188 (164) Operating costs (205) (203) (162) (175) (207) (233) (197) (195) UK regulatory levies — (8) — — — (9) — — Litigation and conduct (107) (13) (239) (2) (3) (84) (7) 1 Total operating expenses (312) (224) (401) (177) (210) (326) (204) (194) Other net income/(expenses) 21 (25) 39 (9) 18 — 21 4 (Loss)/profit before impairment (274) (166) (329) (115) (127) (250) 5 (354) Credit impairment releases/(charges) 2 (5) (1) (1) (4) (42) (19) (18) Loss before tax (272) (171) (330) (116) (131) (292) (14) (372) Attributable loss (206) (152) (299) (114) (124) (318) (16) (349) Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Risk weighted assets 12.3 12.3 12.7 12.6 12.7 16.2 16.1 18.3 Period end allocated tangible equity 5.4 7.5 5.8 5.9 4.7 2.4 4.9 2.7 Performance measures Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 6.8 6.7 6.6 5.5 3.8 3.4 3.5 2.1 ` Barclays PLC 22

Margins and balances Three months ended 31.03.26 Three months ended 31.03.25 Net interest income Average customer assets Net interest margin Net interest income Average customer assets Net interest margin £m £m % £m £m % Barclays UK 1,986 216,623 3.72 1,822 208,305 3.55 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 394 28,536 5.60 342 24,605 5.64 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 204 15,022 5.51 204 14,674 5.64 Barclays US Consumer Bank1 823 26,163 12.76 678 26,106 10.53 Group excluding IB and Head Office1 3,407 286,344 4.83 3,046 273,690 4.51 Barclays Investment Bank 383 297 Head Office (53) 174 Barclays Group Net interest income 3,737 3,517 The Group excluding IB and Head Office net interest margin increased by 32bps from 4.51% in Q125 to 4.83% in Q126 due to higher Group structural hedge income and partner reward updates in USCB. Quarterly analysis Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Net interest income £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 1,986 2,015 1,961 1,855 1,822 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 394 396 383 359 342 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 204 202 190 203 204 Barclays US Consumer Bank 823 776 726 640 678 Group excluding IB and Head Office 3,407 3,389 3,260 3,057 3,046 Average customer assets £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 216,623 214,770 211,384 209,649 208,305 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 28,536 27,841 26,645 25,478 24,605 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 15,022 15,105 14,802 14,729 14,674 Barclays US Consumer Bank1 26,163 26,470 25,037 23,713 26,106 Group excluding IB and Head Office1 286,344 284,186 277,868 273,569 273,690 Net interest margin % % % % % Barclays UK 3.72 3.72 3.68 3.55 3.55 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 5.60 5.64 5.70 5.65 5.64 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 5.51 5.31 5.09 5.53 5.64 Barclays US Consumer Bank 12.76 11.63 11.50 10.83 10.53 Group excluding IB and Head Office 4.83 4.73 4.65 4.48 4.51 1 Includes average customer asset balances classified as held for sale. Barclays PLC 23

Structural hedge The Group employs a structural hedge programme designed to stabilise NIM on fixed rate non-maturity balance sheet items that are behaviourally stable. As interest rates move, such balances would otherwise drive material income volatility where there is a re-pricing mismatch with floating rate assets. The structural hedge predominantly covers non-interest-bearing current accounts and the fixed portion of instant access savings accounts as well as equity, which are invested into either floating rate customer assets or balances at central banks, creating an exposure to changes in interest rates. The structural hedge is executed via a portfolio of receive-fixed, pay variable interest rate swaps, with an amortising structure so that a small portion matures and is reinvested each month at prevailing market rates. The pay-floating leg of the interest rate swaps nets down a proportion of the receive-floating income from the customer assets, leaving a receive-fixed income stream from the structural hedge. The purpose of the structural hedge is to smooth the Group NII through time. The floating leg of the swap will re-price immediately, whereas the fixed rate yield on the portfolio reprices gradually, as a portion of the swap portfolio matures and the roll is re-invested onto new market rates. When interest rates are higher than our structural hedge yield, the pay-floating rate will typically be higher than our average receive-fixed rate. In this scenario, when viewed in isolation, the structural hedge will be a net drag to Group NII. When floating rates are lower than our structural hedge yield, the hedge in isolation will be a net benefit. Since the receive-fixed swaps are booked for a specific term, an element of NII is ‘locked in’. The income stabilising feature of the structural hedge provides greater net interest income certainty through the interest rate cycle. The structural hedge is one component of a larger portfolio of interest rate risk management activities that includes nonstructural hedging (e.g. pay-fixed and receive-variable flows for asset hedging), and other offsetting flows. The net risk of these positions is executed externally through interest rate swaps and managed for accounting risk (i.e. income volatility arising from the accounting mismatch of swaps at fair value through profit and loss and underlying hedged items at amortised cost) within the cash flow hedging reserve. Overall the Group has external derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that hedge interest rate risk with a notional £120.9bn (December 2025: £114.6bn) which reflects the structural hedge notional of £241.8bn (December 2025: £236.1bn) netted with non-structural hedging positions of £ 120.9bn (December 2025: £ 121.5bn). The majority of these interest rate swaps are cleared with Central Clearing Counterparties and margined daily with an average structural hedge duration of c3.5 years. Gross structural hedge contributions in Q126 were £ 1,660m (Q125: £ 1,335m). Gross structural hedge contributions represent the absolute interest income earned on the fixed legs of the swaps in the structural hedge as the floating leg is offset by the base rate funding of the deposits. Barclays PLC 24

Loans and advances at amortised cost by geography Total loans and advances at amortised cost in the credit risk section includes loans and advances at amortised cost to banks and loans and advances at amortised cost to customers. The table below presents a product and geographical breakdown of loans and advances at amortised cost and the impairment allowance by stage; and includes purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) balances. POCI balances represent a fixed pool of assets purchased at a deep discount to face value reflecting credit losses incurred from the point of origination to date of acquisition. The table also presents stage allocation of debt securities and off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The impairment allowance under IFRS 9 considers both the drawn and the undrawn counterparty exposure. For retail portfolios, the total impairment allowance is allocated to gross loans and advances to the extent allowance does not exceed the drawn exposure and any excess is reported on the liabilities side of the balance sheet as a provision. For wholesale portfolios, impairment allowance on undrawn exposure is reported on the liability side of the balance sheet as a provision. . Gross exposure Impairment allowance Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.03.26 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 161,120 13,982 1,883 — 176,985 12 19 64 — 95 Retail credit cards 14,657 2,024 291 18 16,990 176 425 183 — 784 Retail other 9,906 1,526 322 11 11,765 109 175 214 — 498 Corporate loans1 56,541 6,037 1,650 — 64,228 116 169 670 — 955 Total UK 242,224 23,569 4,146 29 269,968 413 788 1,131 — 2,332 Retail mortgages 1,838 31 158 — 2,027 2 — 24 — 26 Retail credit cards 18,547 2,651 1,842 — 23,040 394 791 1,488 — 2,673 Retail other 2,462 260 61 — 2,783 5 5 20 — 30 Corporate loans 71,802 4,533 1,732 — 78,067 76 150 296 — 522 Total Rest of the World 94,649 7,475 3,793 — 105,917 477 946 1,828 — 3,251 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 336,873 31,044 7,939 29 375,885 890 1,734 2,959 — 5,583 Debt securities at amortised cost 67,940 404 — — 68,344 9 10 — — 19 Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 404,813 31,448 7,939 29 444,229 899 1,744 2,959 — 5,602 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 420,832 16,039 857 5 437,733 148 245 32 — 425 Total3,4 825,645 47,487 8,796 34 881,962 1,047 1,989 2,991 — 6,027 Net exposure Coverage ratio Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.03.26 £m £m £m £m £m % % % % % Retail mortgages 161,108 13,963 1,819 — 176,890 — 0.1 3.4 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 14,481 1,599 108 18 16,206 1.2 21.0 62.9 — 4.6 Retail other 9,797 1,351 108 11 11,267 1.1 11.5 66.5 — 4.2 Corporate loans1 56,425 5,868 980 — 63,273 0.2 2.8 40.6 — 1.5 Total UK 241,811 22,781 3,015 29 267,636 0.2 3.3 27.3 — 0.9 Retail mortgages 1,836 31 134 — 2,001 0.1 — 15.2 — 1.3 Retail credit cards 18,153 1,860 354 — 20,367 2.1 29.8 80.8 — 11.6 Retail other 2,457 255 41 — 2,753 0.2 1.9 32.8 — 1.1 Corporate loans 71,726 4,383 1,436 — 77,545 0.1 3.3 17.1 — 0.7 Total Rest of the World 94,172 6,529 1,965 — 102,666 0.5 12.7 48.2 — 3.1 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 335,983 29,310 4,980 29 370,302 0.3 5.6 37.3 — 1.5 Debt securities at amortised cost 67,931 394 — — 68,325 — 2.5 — — — Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 403,914 29,704 4,980 29 438,627 0.2 5.5 37.3 — 1.3 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 420,684 15,794 825 5 437,308 — 1.5 3.7 — 0.1 Total3,4 824,598 45,498 5,805 34 875,935 0.1 4.2 34.0 — 0.7 1 Includes Business Banking, which has a gross exposure of £ 12.4bn and an impairment allowance of £318m. This comprises £60m impairment allowance on £9.7bn Stage 1 exposure, £51m on £2.1bn Stage 2 exposure and £207m on £0.6bn Stage 3 exposure. Excluding this, total coverage for corporate loans in UK is 1.2%. 2 Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £25.4bn carried at fair value and includes exposure relating to financial assets classified as assets held for sale. 3 Other financial assets subject to impairment excluded in the table above include cash collateral and settlement balances, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £ 293.7bn and an impairment allowance of £151m. This comprises £18m impairment allowance on £ 292.8bn Stage 1 exposure, £8m on £0.8bn Stage 2 exposure and £125m on £128m Stage 3 exposure. 4 The annualised loan loss rate is 74bps after applying the total impairment charge of £823m. Barclays PLC 25

Gross exposure Impairment allowance Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.12.25 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 159,825 13,757 1,836 — 175,418 15 16 60 — 91 Retail credit cards 14,922 1,943 279 24 17,168 171 398 174 — 743 Retail other 9,867 1,512 286 15 11,680 98 178 214 — 490 Corporate loans1 54,182 6,936 1,392 — 62,510 125 180 422 — 727 Total UK 238,796 24,148 3,793 39 266,776 409 772 870 — 2,051 Retail mortgages 1,829 72 131 — 2,032 2 — 24 — 26 Retail credit cards 18,801 2,536 1,776 — 23,113 395 796 1,395 — 2,586 Retail other 2,482 206 63 — 2,751 3 5 19 — 27 Corporate loans 66,671 3,702 1,767 — 72,140 82 135 382 — 599 Total Rest of the World 89,783 6,516 3,737 — 100,036 482 936 1,820 — 3,238 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 328,579 30,664 7,530 39 366,812 891 1,708 2,690 — 5,289 Debt securities at amortised cost 68,126 371 — — 68,497 13 9 — — 22 Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 396,705 31,035 7,530 39 435,309 904 1,717 2,690 — 5,311 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 410,493 16,473 812 5 427,783 144 240 32 — 416 Total3,4 807,198 47,508 8,342 44 863,092 1,048 1,957 2,722 — 5,727 Net exposure Coverage ratio Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.12.25 £m £m £m £m £m % % % % % Retail mortgages 159,810 13,741 1,776 — 175,327 — 0.1 3.3 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 14,751 1,545 105 24 16,425 1.1 20.5 62.4 — 4.3 Retail other 9,769 1,334 72 15 11,190 1.0 11.8 74.8 — 4.2 Corporate loans1 54,057 6,756 970 — 61,783 0.2 2.6 30.3 — 1.2 Total UK 238,387 23,376 2,923 39 264,725 0.2 3.2 22.9 — 0.8 Retail mortgages 1,827 72 107 — 2,006 0.1 — 18.3 — 1.3 Retail credit cards 18,406 1,740 381 — 20,527 2.1 31.4 78.5 — 11.2 Retail other 2,479 201 44 — 2,724 0.1 2.4 30.2 — 1.0 Corporate loans 66,589 3,567 1,385 — 71,541 0.1 3.6 21.6 — 0.8 Total Rest of the World 89,301 5,580 1,917 — 96,798 0.5 14.4 48.7 — 3.2 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 327,688 28,956 4,840 39 361,523 0.3 5.6 35.7 — 1.4 Debt securities at amortised cost 68,113 362 — — 68,475 — 2.4 — — — Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 395,801 29,318 4,840 39 429,998 0.2 5.5 35.7 — 1.2 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 410,349 16,233 780 5 427,367 — 1.5 3.9 — 0.1 Total3,4 806,150 45,551 5,620 44 857,365 0.1 4.1 32.6 — 0.7 1 Includes Business Banking, which has a gross exposure of £ 12.4bn and an impairment allowance of £ 326m. This comprises £62m impairment allowance on £9.3bn Stage 1 exposure, £ 50m on £ 2.3bn Stage 2 exposure and £ 214m on £ 0.8bn Stage 3 exposure. Excluding this, total coverage for corporate loans in UK is 0.8%. 2 Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £22.2bn carried at fair value and includes exposure relating to financial assets classified as assets held for sale. 3 Other financial assets subject to impairment excluded in the table above include cash collateral and settlement balances, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £224.1bn and an impairment allowance of £150m. This comprises £18m impairment allowance on £222.4bn Stage 1 exposure, £8m on £1.6bn Stage 2 exposure and £124m on £127m Stage 3 exposure. 4 The annualised loan loss rate is 52bps after applying the total impairment charge of £2,279m. Barclays PLC 26

Assets held for sale This section presents a co-branded card portfolio in USCB classified as assets held for sale. Loans and advances to customers classified as assets held for sale Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage As at 31.03.26 £m £m % £m £m % £m £m % £m £m % Retail credit cards US 5,061 66 1.3 484 122 25.2 57 47 82.5 5,602 235 4.2 Corporate loans US 44 1 2.3 6 2 33.3 — — — 50 3 6.0 Total Rest of the World 5,105 67 1.3 490 124 25.3 57 47 82.5 5,652 238 4.2 As at 31.12.25 Retail credit cards US 5,468 65 1.2 466 124 26.6 54 44 81.5 5,988 233 3.9 Corporate loans US 43 1 2.3 6 2 33.3 — — — 49 3 6.1 Total Rest of the World 5,511 66 1.2 472 126 26.7 54 44 81.5 6,037 236 3.9 Barclays PLC 27

Loans and advances at amortised cost by product The table below presents a product breakdown by stages of loans and advances at amortised cost. Also included is a breakdown of Stage 2 past due balances. Stage 2 As at 31.03.26 Stage 1 Not past due <=30 days past due >30 days past due Total Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Gross exposure £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 162,958 10,682 2,559 772 14,013 2,041 — 179,012 Retail credit cards 33,204 4,006 362 307 4,675 2,133 18 40,030 Retail other 12,368 1,394 185 207 1,786 383 11 14,548 Corporate loans 128,343 10,271 104 195 10,570 3,382 — 142,295 Total 336,873 26,353 3,210 1,481 31,044 7,939 29 375,885 Impairment allowance Retail mortgages 14 10 6 3 19 88 — 121 Retail credit cards 570 856 157 203 1,216 1,671 — 3,457 Retail other 114 117 32 31 180 234 — 528 Corporate loans 192 300 12 7 319 966 — 1,477 Total 890 1,283 207 244 1,734 2,959 — 5,583 Net exposure Retail mortgages 162,944 10,672 2,553 769 13,994 1,953 — 178,891 Retail credit cards 32,634 3,150 205 104 3,459 462 18 36,573 Retail other 12,254 1,277 153 176 1,606 149 11 14,020 Corporate loans 128,151 9,971 92 188 10,251 2,416 — 140,818 Total 335,983 25,070 3,003 1,237 29,310 4,980 29 370,302 Coverage ratio % % % % % % % % Retail mortgages — 0.1 0.2 0.4 0.1 4.3 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 1.7 21.4 43.4 66.1 26.0 78.3 — 8.6 Retail other 0.9 8.4 17.3 15.0 10.1 61.1 — 3.6 Corporate loans 0.1 2.9 11.5 3.6 3.0 28.6 — 1.0 Total 0.3 4.9 6.4 16.5 5.6 37.3 — 1.5 As at 31.12.25 Gross exposure £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 161,654 11,072 2,033 724 13,829 1,967 — 177,450 Retail credit cards 33,723 3,832 317 330 4,479 2,055 24 40,281 Retail other 12,349 1,398 207 113 1,718 349 15 14,431 Corporate loans 120,853 10,409 71 158 10,638 3,159 — 134,650 Total 328,579 26,711 2,628 1,325 30,664 7,530 39 366,812 Impairment allowance Retail mortgages 17 9 4 3 16 84 — 117 Retail credit cards 566 840 138 216 1,194 1,569 — 3,329 Retail other 101 126 28 29 183 233 — 517 Corporate loans 207 298 7 10 315 804 — 1,326 Total 891 1,273 177 258 1,708 2,690 — 5,289 Net exposure Retail mortgages 161,637 11,063 2,029 721 13,813 1,883 — 177,333 Retail credit cards 33,157 2,992 179 114 3,285 486 24 36,952 Retail other 12,248 1,272 179 84 1,535 116 15 13,914 Corporate loans 120,646 10,111 64 148 10,323 2,355 — 133,324 Total 327,688 25,438 2,451 1,067 28,956 4,840 39 361,523 Coverage ratio % % % % % % % % Retail mortgages — 0.1 0.2 0.4 0.1 4.3 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 1.7 21.9 43.5 65.5 26.7 76.4 — 8.3 Retail other 0.8 9.0 13.5 25.7 10.7 66.8 — 3.6 Corporate loans 0.2 2.9 9.9 6.3 3.0 25.5 — 1.0 Total 0.3 4.8 6.7 19.5 5.6 35.7 — 1.4 Barclays PLC 28

Measurement uncertainty Scenarios used to calculate the Group’s modelled ECL charge were refreshed in Q126, with the Baseline scenario reflecting the latest consensus macroeconomic forecasts available at the time of the scenario refresh which predated the most recent geopolitical escalation. However, the assessment of ECL includes continued use of management judgement in overlaying m o d e l l e d o u t c o m e s t o c a p t u r e r i s k s n o t f u l l y r e f l e c t e d i n f o r w a r d - l o o k i n g m a c r o e c o n o m i c assumptions. The Baseline scenario continues to reflect the rapidly ch anging trade policies of the US administration and ongoing geopolitical uncertainty. Global growth slows modestly as rising US tariffs and retaliatory measures disrupt trade flows, dampen business confidence, and weigh on investment, though domestic demand in advanced economies remains resilient. UK and US GDP growth in 2026 is expected to be 1.0% and 2.4%, respectively. Tariff-induced and supply side pressures cause headline inflation to remain stickier in the near term. Labour markets in major economies soften slightly amid increased uncertainty and slower export-orientated activity; however, the weakening is contained and does not rise significantly from current levels. UK and US quarterly unemployment rates peak at 5.2% and 4.5%, respectively. The Downside scenarios have been calibrated to capture an escalation of trade tensions, where tariffs imposed by the US prompt retaliation from its trading partners with adverse implications for consumer prices and investment sentiment, and ongoing geopolitical uncertainty. The combination of trade impact and consumer uncertainty triggers a sharp recession, not only in the US but also in the UK and Europe driven by a severe decline in exports, business sentiment and with investment and consumption plans being put on hold. The rapid fall in external demand and a retrenchment in business investment push up unemployment rates, where job losses are concentrated in trade-exposed sectors but also spill into services. The Federal Reserve initially holds rates steady, weighing the inflation shock against the deteriorating real economy. However, as the slowdown deepens and the labour market loosens, the Federal Reserve cuts rates swiftly to stimulate aggregate demand. In the Upside scenarios, a rise in labour force participation and higher productivity contribute to accelerated economic growth, without creating new inflationary pressures. Central banks lower interest rates stimulating private consumption and investment growth. Demand for labour increases and unemployment rates stabilise and start falling again. As geopolitical tensions ease, low inflation supports consumer purchasing power and contributes further to healthy GDP growth. The methodology for estimating scenario weights involves simulating a range of future paths for UK and US GDP using historical data with the five scenarios mapped against the distribution of these future paths. The small increase in Upside weights is driven by improvement in UK and US GDP outlook. in the Baseline scenario, bringing the Baseline scenario closer to the Upside scenarios. For further details see page 31. The refreshed scenarios predate the most recent geopolitical escalation, and so may not reflect the potential associated near-term impacts including supply chain disruption, higher energy prices and rising inflation. In response, management adjustments of £101m have been introduced, partially offset by the release of £81m tariff-related adjustments raised in Q125, resulting in a net additional charge of £20m. • Within Barclays UK, a £10m adjustment has been recognised in the Retail credit cards portfolio, reflecting a marginally weaker UK unemployment baseline than that assumed in the Q126 macroeconomic scenario. • For USCB, the tariff-related adjustment from Q125 of £31m 1 was released due to the lack of tariff-driven credit deterioration and losses. However, uncertainty persists and has been reflected through holding back a £25m 1 release arising from the Q126 macroeconomic scenario. • In IB, the tariff-related adjustment from Q125 of £50m (£35m net of SRT 2 credit protection) was released due to the lack of tariff-driven credit deterioration and losses. However, geopolitical uncertainty persists and has been reflected through a management adjustment of £66m (£52m net of SRT 2 credit protection) to capture increased downside risk. The following tables show the key macroeconomic variables used in the five scenarios ( 5-year annual paths) and the weights applied to each scenario. 1 Excludes adjustments for held for sale portfolio comprising a £5m tariff-related adjustment from Q125 and a £4m adjustment from the Q126 macroeconomic scenario. 2 Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) represents risk transfer transactions used to enhance risk management capabilities. Barclays PLC 29

Macroeconomic variables used in the calculation of ECL As at 31.03.26 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Baseline % % % % % UK GDP1 1.0 1.5 1.4 1.4 1.5 UK unemployment2 5.2 5.0 5.0 4.9 4.9 UK HPI3 1.9 2.6 3.4 3.4 3.6 UK bank rate6 3.4 3.3 3.5 3.6 3.8 US GDP1 2.4 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 US unemployment4 4.4 4.3 4.3 4.3 4.3 US HPI5 2.7 2.1 2.4 2.4 2.4 US federal funds rate6 3.4 3.0 3.2 3.3 3.5 Downside 2 UK GDP1 (1.2) (2.8) 2.8 1.3 0.9 UK unemployment2 5.5 7.3 7.4 5.9 5.3 UK HPI3 (16.9) (14.1) 4.6 16.9 8.4 UK bank rate6 2.8 0.8 0.2 0.9 1.7 US GDP1 (0.5) (4.3) 1.0 2.5 1.2 US unemployment4 5.1 7.5 8.3 6.2 5.4 US HPI5 (4.0) (4.9) 5.2 9.2 4.6 US federal funds rate6 3.8 2.7 1.6 1.1 1.8 Downside 1 UK GDP1 (0.1) (0.7) 2.1 1.3 1.2 UK unemployment2 5.4 6.2 6.2 5.4 5.1 UK HPI3 (7.8) (5.9) 4.0 10.0 6.0 UK bank rate6 3.2 2.2 2.1 2.4 2.9 US GDP1 0.9 (1.1) 1.5 2.3 1.6 US unemployment4 4.8 5.9 6.3 5.3 4.8 US HPI5 (0.7) (1.5) 3.8 5.7 3.5 US federal funds rate6 3.6 2.9 2.6 2.3 2.9 Upside 2 UK GDP1 1.8 4.0 3.1 2.5 2.3 UK unemployment2 4.8 4.2 4.1 4.0 4.0 UK HPI3 8.6 11.0 5.8 3.4 3.0 UK bank rate6 3.2 2.4 2.3 2.6 2.8 US GDP1 2.7 3.2 2.8 2.8 2.8 US unemployment4 4.1 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.6 US HPI5 6.5 4.2 5.0 4.9 4.9 US federal funds rate6 3.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.5 Upside 1 UK GDP1 1.4 2.7 2.2 1.9 1.9 UK unemployment2 5.0 4.6 4.6 4.5 4.5 UK HPI3 5.2 6.8 4.6 3.4 3.3 UK bank rate6 3.3 3.0 3.2 3.3 3.3 US GDP1 2.5 2.6 2.4 2.4 2.4 US unemployment4 4.3 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 US HPI5 4.6 3.2 3.7 3.6 3.6 US federal funds rate6 3.4 3.0 3.2 3.2 3.0 1 Average Real GDP seasonally adjusted change in year. 2 Average UK unemployment rate 16-year+. 3 Change in year end UK HPI = Halifax HPI Meth2 All Houses, All Buyers index, relative to prior year end. 4 Average US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+. 5 Change in year end US HPI = FHFA House Price Index, relative to prior year end. 6 Average rate. Barclays PLC 30

As at 31.12.25 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Baseline % % % % % UK GDP1 1.5 1.1 1.4 1.4 1.4 UK unemployment2 4.7 4.9 4.8 4.8 4.7 UK HPI3 1.5 2.9 2.5 4.3 3.8 UK bank rate6 4.2 3.4 3.4 3.5 3.6 US GDP1 2.1 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 US unemployment4 4.2 4.5 4.4 4.4 4.4 US HPI5 3.2 1.7 1.9 2.6 2.6 US federal funds rate6 4.2 3.4 3.3 3.3 3.5 Downside 2 UK GDP1 1.5 (2.5) (1.2) 2.8 1.1 UK unemployment2 4.7 5.8 7.7 6.9 5.7 UK HPI3 1.5 (24.9) (5.1) 9.6 14.2 UK bank rate6 4.2 2.3 0.5 0.4 1.1 US GDP1 2.1 (2.7) (2.8) 1.6 2.4 US unemployment4 4.2 5.7 8.0 7.9 5.9 US HPI5 3.2 (8.2) (1.7) 7.2 7.7 US federal funds rate6 4.2 3.6 2.4 1.4 1.2 Downside 1 UK GDP1 1.5 (0.7) 0.1 2.1 1.3 UK unemployment2 4.7 5.3 6.3 5.8 5.2 UK HPI3 1.5 (11.8) (1.3) 6.9 8.9 UK bank rate6 4.2 2.9 2.0 1.9 2.4 US GDP1 2.1 (0.3) (0.4) 1.8 2.2 US unemployment4 4.2 5.1 6.2 6.1 5.1 US HPI5 3.2 (3.3) 0.1 4.9 5.1 US federal funds rate6 4.2 3.6 2.8 2.4 2.4 Upside 2 UK GDP1 1.5 2.7 3.7 2.9 2.4 UK unemployment2 4.7 4.3 4.0 3.9 3.8 UK HPI3 1.5 11.9 8.4 5.1 4.1 UK bank rate6 4.2 3.1 2.3 2.3 2.6 US GDP1 2.1 2.8 3.1 2.8 2.8 US unemployment4 4.2 3.9 3.7 3.7 3.7 US HPI5 3.2 6.2 4.7 4.8 4.9 US federal funds rate6 4.2 3.0 2.5 2.5 2.5 Upside 1 UK GDP1 1.5 1.9 2.6 2.2 1.9 UK unemployment2 4.7 4.6 4.4 4.4 4.3 UK HPI3 1.5 7.4 5.4 4.7 3.9 UK bank rate6 4.2 3.2 2.8 2.8 3.1 US GDP1 2.1 2.4 2.6 2.4 2.4 US unemployment4 4.2 4.2 4.1 4.1 4.1 US HPI5 3.2 4.0 3.3 3.7 3.7 US federal funds rate6 4.2 3.3 2.8 2.8 3.0 1 Average Real GDP seasonally adjusted change in year. 2 Average UK unemployment rate 16-year+. 3 Change in year end UK HPI = Halifax HPI Meth2 All Houses, All Buyers index, relative to prior year end. 4 Average US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+. 5 Change in year end US HPI = FHFA House Price Index, relative to prior year end. 6 Average rate. Scenario weighting Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 % % % % % As at 31.03.26 Scenario weighting 14.7 27.9 38.6 12.0 6.8 As at 31.12.25 Scenario weighting 14.4 27.4 38.5 12.7 7.0 Barclays PLC 31

Regulatory minimum requirements Capital As at 31 March 2026, the Group’s Overall Capital Requirement for CET1, excluding any applicable PRA buffer, was 12.2% and comprised a 4.5% Pillar 1 minimum, a 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB), a 1.5% Global Systemically Important Institution (G-SII) buffer, a 2.7% Pillar 2A requirement and a 1.0% Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB). The Group’s CCyB is based on the buffer rate applicable for each jurisdiction in which the Group has exposures. The buffer rates set by other national authorities for non-UK exposures are not currently material. The Group’s Pillar 2A requirement is 4.8% with at least 56.25% to be met with CET1 capital, equating to 2.7% of RWAs. The Pillar 2A requirement, based on a point in time assessment, has been set as a proportion of RWAs and is subject to at least annual review. The Group’s CET1 target ratio of 13-14% takes into account minimum capital requirements and applicable buffers. The Group remains above its minimum capital regulatory requirements and applicable buffers. Leverage As at 31 March 2026, the Group was subject to a UK leverage ratio requirement of 4.1%. This comprised the 3.25% minimum requirement, a G-SII additional leverage ratio buffer (G-SII ALRB) of 0.53% and a countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) of 0.3%. The Group is also required to disclose an average UK leverage ratio which is based on capital on the last day of each month in the quarter and an exposure measure for each day in the quarter. MREL As at 31 March 2026, the Group was required to meet the higher of: (i) two times the sum of 8% Pillar 1 and 4.8% Pillar 2A equating to 25.5% of RWAs; and (ii) 6.75% of leverage exposures. CET1 capital cannot be counted towards both MREL and the buffers, meaning that the buffers, including any applicable confidential institution-specific Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) buffer, will effectively be applied above MREL requirements. Significant regulatory updates in the period In January 2026, t h e P R A c o n f i r m e d t h e f i n a l i m p l e m e n t a t i o n t i m e t a b l e f o r t h e U K B a s e l 3 . 1 f r a m e w o r k . T h e P R A ’ s f i n a l r u l e s r e a f f i r m t h a t B a s e l 3 . 1 w i l l b e i m p l e m e n t e d f r o m 1 J a n u a r y 2 0 2 7 . The PRA also confirmed its approach to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB), under which implementation o f t h e I n t e r n a l M o d e l s A p p r o a c h ( I M A ) w i l l b e d e f e r r e d t o 1 J a n u a r y 2 0 2 8 , w h i l e a l l o t h e r F R T B c o m p o n e n t s w i l l t a k e e f f e c t f r o m 1 J a n u a r y 2 0 2 7 . Barclays PLC 32

Capital ratios 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 CET1 14.1% 14.3% T1 17.5% 17.9% Total regulatory capital 19.7% 20.4% MREL ratio as a percentage of total RWAs 35.4% 35.8% Own funds and eligible liabilities £m £m Total equity excluding non-controlling interests per the balance sheet 76,668 77,784 Less: other equity instruments (recognised as AT1 capital) (12,714) (12,725) Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable ordinary share dividends (500) (778) Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable repurchase of shares (507) (271) Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable other equity coupons (45) (36) Other regulatory adjustments and deductions Additional value adjustments (PVA) (2,103) (1,956) Goodwill and intangible assets (8,327) (8,255) Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding temporary differences (958) (1,069) Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges 2,147 666 Excess of expected losses over impairment (446) (436) Gains or losses on liabilities at fair value resulting from own credit 507 904 Defined benefit pension fund assets (2,352) (2,398) Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments (7) (14) Other regulatory adjustments (144) (346) CET1 capital 51,219 51,070 AT1 capital Capital instruments and related share premium accounts 12,758 12,758 Other regulatory adjustments and deductions (44) (33) AT1 capital 12,714 12,725 T1 capital 63,933 63,795 T2 capital Capital instruments and related share premium accounts 7,937 8,835 Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries 53 55 Other regulatory adjustments and deductions (134) (71) Total regulatory capital 71,789 72,614 Less : Ineligible T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries (53) (55) Eligible liabilities 57,113 55,106 Total own funds and eligible liabilities1 128,850 127,665 Total RWAs 364,462 356,774 1 As at 31 March 2026, the Group's MREL requirement, excluding any applicable institution-specific confidential PRA buffer, was to hold £111.2bn of own funds and eligible liabilities equating to 30.5% of RWAs. The Group remains above its MREL regulatory requirement including any applicable institution-specific confidential PRA buffer. Barclays PLC 33

Movement in CET1 capital Three months ended 31.03.26 £m Opening CET1 capital 51,070 Profit for the period attributable to equity holders 2,176 Own credit relating to derivative liabilities (18) Ordinary share dividends paid and foreseen (500) Purchased and foreseeable share repurchase (1,000) Other equity coupons paid and foreseen (254) Increase in retained regulatory capital generated from earnings 404 Net impact of share schemes (383) Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve (39) Currency translation reserve 353 Other reserves (5) Decrease in other qualifying reserves (74) Pension remeasurements within reserves (66) Defined benefit pension fund asset deduction 47 Net impact of pensions (19) Additional value adjustments (PVA) (147) Goodwill and intangible assets (72) Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences 111 Excess of expected loss over impairment (10) Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments 7 Other regulatory adjustments (51) Decrease in regulatory capital due to adjustments and deductions (162) Closing CET1 capital 51,219 CET1 capital increased by £0.1bn to £51.2bn (December 2025: £51.1bn). Significant movements in the period were: • £2.2bn of capital generated from profit partially offset by distributions of £1.8bn comprising: – £1.0bn share buybacks announced with FY25 results – £0.5bn accrual towards the total 2026 dividend – £0.3bn of equity coupons paid and foreseen • £0.1bn decrease in other qualifying reserves including a £0.4bn decrease from the net impact of employee share schemes, partially offset by a £0.4bn increase in the currency translation reserve as a result of foreign exchange movements Barclays PLC 34

RWAs by risk type and business Credit risk Counterparty credit risk Market Risk Operational risk Total RWAs STD IRB STD IRB Settlement Risk CVA STD IMA As at 31.03.26 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 16,737 56,662 117 9 — 37 118 — 13,804 87,484 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 4,097 18,921 87 267 — 3 19 330 3,530 27,254 Barclays Private Bank & Wealth Management 5,020 678 124 30 1 11 32 225 2,062 8,183 Barclays Investment Bank 42,919 51,782 24,119 21,504 243 2,522 11,978 21,380 25,275 201,722 Barclays US Consumer Bank 21,158 1,017 — — — — — — 5,394 27,569 Head Office 5,441 5,482 — — — — 237 — 1,090 12,250 Barclays Group 95,372 134,542 24,447 21,810 244 2,573 12,384 21,935 51,155 364,462 As at 31.12.25 Barclays UK 16,731 55,037 132 8 — 43 177 — 13,697 85,825 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 3,878 18,341 89 312 1 4 31 343 3,510 26,509 Barclays Private Bank & Wealth Management 4,981 580 112 19 — 11 39 240 2,054 8,036 Barclays Investment Bank 44,961 49,750 21,986 19,442 165 3,030 12,018 20,111 25,238 196,701 Barclays US Consumer Bank 21,050 1,004 — 1 — — — — 5,393 27,448 Head Office 5,405 5,439 1 5 — — 219 59 1,127 12,255 Barclays Group 97,006 130,151 22,320 19,787 166 3,088 12,484 20,753 51,019 356,774 Movement analysis of RWAs Credit risk Counterparty credit risk Market risk Operational risk Total RWAs £m £m £m £m £m RWAs as at 31.12.25 227,157 45,361 33,237 51,019 356,774 Book size 1,440 3,154 895 136 5,625 Acquisitions and disposals — — — — — Book quality (72) (12) — — (84) Model updates — — — — — Methodology and policy 6 — — — 6 Foreign exchange movements1 1,383 571 187 — 2,141 Total RWA movements 2,757 3,713 1,082 136 7,688 RWAs as at 31.03.26 229,914 49,074 34,319 51,155 364,462 1 Foreign exchange movements does not include the impact of foreign exchange for modelled market risk or operational risk. Total RWAs increased £7.7bn to £364.5bn (Dec 2025: £356.8bn). Credit risk RWAs increased £2.8bn: • A £2.8bn increase primarily reflecting lending growth in UK businesses and the impact of foreign exchange movements Counterparty credit risk RWAs increased £3.7bn: • A £3.7bn increase primarily driven by higher activity within Global Markets and the impact of foreign exchange movements Barclays PLC 35

Leverage ratios 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 £m £m UK leverage ratio1 4.8% 5.1% T1 capital 63,933 63,795 UK leverage exposure 1,321,321 1,247,313 Average UK leverage ratio 4.6% 4.7% Average T1 capital 63,239 63,277 Average UK leverage exposure 1,373,842 1,358,364 1 Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of T1 capital, the leverage ratio buffers and 75% of the minimum requirement must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against the 0.53% G-SII ALRB was £7.0bn and against the 0.3% CCLB was £4.0bn. • The UK leverage ratio decreased to 4.8% (December 2025: 5.1%) as the leverage exposure increased by £74.0bn to £1,321.3bn (December 2025: £1,247.3bn). The increase in leverage exposure was primarily driven by higher activity in Global Markets. Barclays PLC 36

Condensed consolidated income statement (unaudited) Three months ended 31.03.26 Three months ended 31.03.25 £m £m Total income 8,163 7,709 Operating expenses excluding UK regulatory levies & litigation and conduct (4,359) (4,258) UK regulatory levies (84) (96) Litigation and conduct (104) (11) Operating expenses (4,547) (4,365) Other net income 21 18 Profit before impairment 3,637 3,362 Credit impairment charges (823) (643) Profit before tax 2,814 2,719 Tax charge (638) (621) Profit after tax 2,176 2,098 Attributable to: Shareholders of the parent 1,932 1,864 Other equity holders 244 232 Equity holders of the parent 2,176 2,096 Non-controlling interests — 2 Profit after tax 2,176 2,098 Earnings per share Basic earnings per ordinary share 14.1p 13.0p

Barclays PLC 37

Condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 Assets £m £m Cash and balances at central banks 235,350 229,752 Cash collateral and settlement balances 197,420 130,532 Debt securities at amortised cost 68,325 68,475 Loans and advances at amortised cost to banks 11,996 8,638 Loans and advances at amortised cost to customers 358,306 352,885 Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending at amortised cost 11,556 17,622 Trading portfolio assets 191,053 190,061 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 218,729 186,857 Derivative financial instruments 286,388 252,459 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 83,095 74,394 Investments in associates and joint ventures 760 739 Goodwill and intangible assets 8,357 8,284 Current tax assets 228 276 Deferred tax assets 5,412 4,992 Assets included in a disposal group classified as held for sale 5,555 5,932 Other assets 12,256 12,267 Total assets 1,694,786 1,544,165 Liabilities Deposits at amortised cost from banks 19,739 20,413 Deposits at amortised cost from customers 567,855 565,200 Cash collateral and settlement balances 174,566 117,583 Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowings at amortised cost 27,874 25,170 Debt securities in issue 124,647 119,033 Subordinated liabilities 12,192 12,954 Trading portfolio liabilities 82,911 57,737 Financial liabilities designated at fair value 321,632 294,108 Derivative financial instruments 272,778 240,808 Current tax liabilities 1,167 868 Deferred tax liabilities 13 13 Liabilities included in a disposal group classified as held for sale — — Other liabilities 12,292 12,042 Total liabilities 1,617,666 1,465,929 Equity Called up share capital and share premium 4,218 4,178 Other reserves 891 1,628 Retained earnings 58,845 59,253 Shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent 63,954 65,059 Other equity instruments 12,714 12,725 Total equity excluding non-controlling interests 76,668 77,784 Non-controlling interests 452 452 Total equity 77,120 78,236 Total liabilities and equity 1,694,786 1,544,165 Barclays PLC 38

Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity (unaudited) Called up share capital and share premium Other equity instruments Other reserves Retained earnings Total Noncontrolling interests Total equity Three months ended 31.03.2026 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Balance as at 1 January 2026 4,178 12,725 1,628 59,253 77,784 452 78,236 Profit after tax — 244 — 1,932 2,176 — 2,176 Currency translation movements — — 353 — 353 — 353 Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve — — (39) — (39) — (39) Cash flow hedges — — (1,481) — (1,481) — (1,481) Retirement benefit remeasurements — — — (66) (66) — (66) Own credit — — 378 — 378 — 378 Total comprehensive income for the period — 244 (789) 1,866 1,321 — 1,321 Employee share schemes and hedging thereof 81 — — 195 276 — 276 Issue and redemption of other equity instruments — — — — — — — Other equity instruments coupon paid — (244) — — (244) — (244) Redemption of preference shares — — — — — — — Vesting of employee share schemes net of purchases — — 7 (927) (920) — (920) Dividends paid — — — (769) (769) — (769) Repurchase of shares (41) — 41 (768) (768) — (768) Other movements — (11) 4 (5) (12) — (12) Balance as at 31 March 2026 4,218 12,714 891 58,845 76,668 452 77,120 As at 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 Other Reserves £m £m Currency translation reserve 2,846 2,493 Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve (1,139) (1,100) Cash flow hedging reserve (2,147) (666) Own credit reserve (608) (990) Other reserves and treasury shares 1,939 1,891 Total 891 1,628 Barclays PLC 39

The Group’s management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements, as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods, and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Non-IFRS performance measures glossary Measure Definition Loan: deposit ratio Total loans and advances at amortised cost divided by total deposits at amortised cost. Period end tangible equity refers to: Period end tangible shareholders' equity (for Barclays Group) Shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent, adjusted for the deduction of goodwill and intangible assets. Period end allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Allocated tangible equity is calculated as 13.5% (2025: 13.5%) of RWAs for each business, adjusted for capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Barclays Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the Barclays Group’s tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses. Average tangible equity refers to: Average tangible shareholders’ equity (for Barclays Group) Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible shareholders' equity and the current month’s period end tangible shareholders' equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. Average allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. Return on tangible equity (RoTE) refers to: Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (for Barclays Group) Annualised Group attributable profit, as a proportion of average tangible shareholders’ equity. The components of the calculation have been included on page 41. Return on average allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Annualised business attributable profit, as a proportion of that business's average allocated tangible equity. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 42 to 43. Operating costs A measure of total operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct charges and UK regulatory levies. Cost: income ratio Total operating expenses divided by total income. Loan loss rate Quoted in basis points and represents total impairment charges divided by total gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified to assets held for sale) at the balance sheet date. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 44 to 46. Net interest margin Annualised net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets. The components of the calculation have been included on page 23. Tangible net asset value per share Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 48. Profit before impairment Calculated by excluding credit impairment charges or releases from profit before tax. Net New Assets Under Management The net inflows and outflows of client balances within Discretionary Portfolio Management and Advisory mandates. Excludes market performance and foreign exchange translation but includes reinvested dividend payments. Assets under Management (AUM) Total market value of client investment balances managed within investment mandates where Barclays provides discretionary portfolio management or advisory services. Total Assets Under Management excludes uninvested cash held under an investment mandate and reported within deposits. Assets under Supervision (AUS) Total market value of client investment balances where Barclays provides custodian or transactional services. Group net interest income excluding Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office A measure of Barclays Group net interest income, excluding the net interest income reported in Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office. Income over average risk weighted assets Represents total income as a proportion of average risk weighted assets. Average risk weighted assets calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end risk weighted assets and the current month’s period end risk weighted assets. Average risk weighted assets for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. Barclays PLC 40

Returns Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Return on average tangible equity £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 591 187 73 1,111 176 (206) 1,932 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average equity 15.9 3.8 1.2 29.7 4.3 10.6 65.5 Average goodwill and intangibles (3.9) — (0.1) — (0.5) (3.8) (8.3) Average tangible equity 12.0 3.8 1.1 29.7 3.8 6.8 57.2 Return on average tangible equity 19.7% 19.9% 25.5% 15.0% 18.8% n/m 13.5% Three months ended 31.03.25 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Return on average tangible equity £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 510 142 96 1,199 41 (124) 1,864 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average equity 15.7 3.3 1.2 29.6 4.2 7.4 61.4 Average goodwill and intangibles (4.0) — (0.1) — (0.6) (3.6) (8.3) Average tangible equity 11.7 3.3 1.1 29.6 3.6 3.8 53.1 Return on average tangible equity 17.4% 17.1% 34.5% 16.2% 4.5% n/m 14.0% Barclays PLC 41

Return on average tangible shareholders' equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 1,932 1,195 1,457 1,659 1,864 965 1,564 1,237 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average shareholders' equity 65.5 64.8 63.3 62.1 61.4 59.7 59.1 57.7 Average goodwill and intangibles (8.3) (8.3) (8.2) (8.2) (8.3) (8.2) (8.1) (7.9) Average tangible shareholders' equity 57.2 56.5 55.1 53.9 53.1 51.5 51.0 49.8 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 13.5% 8.5% 10.6% 12.3% 14.0% 7.5% 12.3% 9.9% Barclays UK Return on average allocated tangible equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 591 706 647 580 510 781 621 584 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 15.9 15.9 15.9 15.8 15.7 15.1 14.5 14.4 Average goodwill and intangibles (3.9) (4.0) (4.0) (4.0) (4.0) (3.9) (3.9) (3.9) Average allocated tangible equity 12.0 11.9 11.9 11.8 11.7 11.2 10.6 10.5 Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.7% 23.8% 21.8% 19.7% 17.4% 28.0% 23.4% 22.3% Barclays UK Corporate Bank Return on average allocated tangible equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 187 168 196 142 142 98 144 135 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 3.8 3.5 3.4 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 Average goodwill and intangibles — — — — — — — — Average allocated tangible equity 3.8 3.5 3.4 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.9% 19.1% 22.8% 16.6% 17.1% 12.3% 18.8% 18.0% Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Return on average allocated tangible equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 73 35 72 88 96 63 74 77 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 Average goodwill and intangibles (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) Average allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 Return on average allocated tangible equity 25.5% 12.6% 26.4% 31.9% 34.5% 23.9% 29.0% 30.8% Barclays PLC 42

Return on average allocated tangible equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 1,111 294 723 876 1,199 247 652 715 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 29.7 29.6 28.6 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 Average goodwill and intangibles — — — — — — — — Average allocated tangible equity 29.7 29.6 28.6 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 Return on average allocated tangible equity 15.0% 4.0% 10.1% 12.2% 16.2% 3.4% 8.8% 9.6% Barclays US Consumer Bank Return on average allocated tangible equity Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 176 144 118 87 41 94 89 75 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 4.3 4.2 4.0 4.0 4.2 4.0 3.8 3.6 Average goodwill and intangibles (0.5) (0.6) (0.5) (0.6) (0.6) (0.6) (0.5) (0.3) Average allocated tangible equity 3.8 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.6 3.4 3.3 3.3 Return on average allocated tangible equity 18.8% 15.8% 13.5% 10.2% 4.5% 11.2% 10.9% 9.2% Barclays PLC 43

Loan loss rates Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Loan loss rate £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (178) (3) 2 (279) (367) 2 (823) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale)1 233.6 31.0 15.1 137.4 30.3 2.4 449.9 Loan loss rate (bps) 31 4 (6) 82 491 n/m 74 Three months ended 31.03.25 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Loan loss rate £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (158) (19) 9 (72) (399) (4) (643) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale)1 227.5 27.0 14.8 129.6 28.9 2.6 430.4 Loan loss rate (bps) 28 28 (25) 23 562 n/m 61 1 Includes gross loans and advances to customers and banks, in addition to debt securities. Barclays PLC 44

Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (823) (535) (632) (469) (643) (711) (374) (384) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 449.9 441.3 437.5 428.4 430.4 429.6 408.3 409.1 Loan loss rate (bps) 74 48 57 44 61 66 37 38 Barclays UK Loan loss rate Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (178) (74) (102) (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 233.6 231.9 230.9 228.5 227.5 227.5 218.4 217.3 Loan loss rate (bps) 31 13 18 14 28 49 3 1 Barclays UK Corporate Bank Loan loss rate Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (3) (1) (5) (12) (19) (40) (13) (8) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 31.0 30.2 29.2 28.2 27.0 25.8 25.2 26.0 Loan loss rate (bps) 4 1 7 17 28 62 21 12 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Loan loss rate Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment releases/(charges) 2 (2) (1) 2 9 (2) (7) 3 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 15.1 15.1 15.2 14.8 14.8 14.7 14.3 14.1 Loan loss rate (bps) (6) 5 3 (5) (25) 5 19 (9) Barclays PLC 45

Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (279) (22) (144) (67) (72) (46) (43) (44) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 137.4 131.0 129.8 126.8 129.6 124.9 116.5 115.5 Loan loss rate (bps) 82 7 44 21 23 15 15 15 Barclays US Consumer Bank Loan loss rate Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (367) (431) (379) (312) (399) (298) (276) (309) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 30.3 30.6 29.8 27.4 28.9 30.0 26.7 28.4 Loan loss rate (bps) 491 558 505 456 562 395 411 438 Barclays PLC 46

Income over average RWAs Three months ended 31.03.26 Three months ended 31.03.25 £m £m Income 4,028 3,873 £bn £bn Average RWAs 202.0 201.4 Income over average RWAs 8.0% 7.7% Barclays Investment Bank Q126 Q425 Q325 Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Income 4,028 2,792 3,083 3,307 3,873 2,607 2,851 3,019 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average RWAs 202.0 202.1 194.9 196.1 201.4 199.9 201.8 204.9 Income over average RWAs 8.0% 5.5% 6.3% 6.7% 7.7% 5.2% 5.7% 5.9% Barclays PLC 47

Tangible net asset value per share 31.03.26 As at 31.12.25 As at 31.03.25 £m £m £m Total equity excluding non-controlling interests 76,668 77,784 74,880 Other equity instruments (12,714) (12,725) (13,263) Goodwill and intangibles (8,357) (8,284) (8,250) Tangible shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent 55,597 56,775 53,367 m m m Shares in issue 13,737 13,867 14,336 p p p Tangible net asset value per share 405 409 372 Barclays PLC 48

Results timetable1 Date 2026 Interim Results Announcement 28 July 2026 % Change2 Exchange rates 31.03.26 31.12.25 31.03.25 31.12.25 31.03.25 Period end - GBP/USD 1.32 1.34 1.29 (2) % 2 % 3 month average - GBP/USD 1.35 1.33 1.26 1 % 7 % Period end - GBP/EUR 1.15 1.15 1.19 — % (4) % 3 month average - GBP/EUR 1.15 1.14 1.20 1 % (4) % Share price data Barclays PLC (p) 389 476 288 Barclays PLC number of shares (m)3 13,737 13,867 14,336 For further information please contact Investor relations Media relations Marina Shchukina +44 (0) 20 7116 2526 Tom Hoskin +44 (0) 20 7116 4755 More information on Barclays can be found on our website: home.barclays Registered office 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom. Tel: +44 (0) 20 7116 1000. Company number: 48839. Registrar Equiniti, Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex, BN99 6DA, United Kingdom. Tel: +44 (0)371 384 2055 (UK and International telephone number)4 . American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) Shareowner Services P.O. Box 64504 St. Paul, MN 55164-0504 United States of America shareowneronline.com Toll Free Number (US and Canada): +1 800-990-1135 Outside the US and Canada: +1 651-453-2128 Delivery of ADR certificates and overnight mail Shareowner Services, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120-4100, USA. 1 Note that this date is provisional and subject to change. 2 The change is the impact to GBP reported information. 3 The number of shares of 13,737m as at 31 March 2026 is different from the 13,725m quoted in the 1 April 2026 announcement entitled “Total Voting Rights” because the share buyback transactions executed on 30 and 31 March 2026 did not settle until 1 and 2 April 2026 respectively. 4 Lines open 8.30am to 5.30pm (UK time), Monday to Friday, excluding UK public holidays in England and Wales.

Shareholder Information Barclays PLC 49