=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Barclays Q2 2025 Results 04 August 2025 Analyst meeting transcript (amended in places to improve accuracy and readability)

Anna Cross, Group Finance Director Morning, everybody . Well done for getting here. Okay , so as always, I will start with some intro remarks and I'm just going to reflect on some of the discussions that we've had on the road in the last few days. And it's been less than a week, since we reported. So, I'm not going to repeat the detail of our Q 2 results, but instead, let me draw out a few stats to help you understand the pattern of consistent delivery that we're driving for and hopefully , which is increasingly visible from Q2 onwards. So first, at the group level, we shared with you that our RoTE over the last 12 months reached 11.1% and that excludes the impacts of inorganic activity last year . And this [trailing 12 month] measure has increased consistently every quarter since Q1 2024¹, starting at 10% then 10.1%, 10.4%, 10.5%, 11%, and now 11.1%. And what that's demonstrating is this pattern of higher and more consistent returns that we are aiming for . Secondly , in the Investment Bank, we are improving the structural level of our returns, and we're doing that in three ways. The first is by increasing the level and the stability of income. Secondly , by maintaining cost and capital discipline, and thirdly , by managing our risk prudently . So, within Global Markets, we've grown our share by over 1% across our three focus businesses, which are Equity Derivatives, Securitised Products, and European Rates in FY24. And based on peers ’ reported numbers to the half year , we've also taken share in FICC and Equities in the past 12 months whilst continuing to grow Financing including Prime. We now rank top five with 60 of our top 100 markets clients versus 49 at the end of 2023, and well on our way to 70 by 2026, which is one of the targets that we gave you at the Investor Update. And within the Investment Bank as a whole these stable sources of income accounted for 40% of our income in the past year , up from 29% in 2021. And importantly , we've been able to do that while delivering positive operating jaws for the last five quarters and maintaining broadly stable VaR with only two loss days in Q2, which compares favourably with peers. The third thing is in the UK we are seeing consistent RWA growth and organic momentum . Q2 marked the fourth quarter of net mortgage growth, the third quarter of corporate lending growth, and the second quarter of core Business Banking loan growth. And looking ahead the consistent credit card balance growth we've had since 2023 should increasingly turn into interest earning lending from [the second half of the year]. And then lastly , some thoughts on how we think about the plan beyond 2026. We do expect the level and consistency of returns to improve further as we continue to execute on actions and initiatives as set out in the strategy . And one area where you can already get visibility of this is with the structural hedge. The overall yield on the hedge is currently 2.5 % and as you know, this will increase over time as we reinvest a significant proportion of the portfolio each year . T o help

you think about the trajectory, in 2027 the maturing yield on our book will be c.2.1%, supporting strongly positive income growth from reinvestment and multi -year NII growth beyond 2026 . Across the group we will also continue to drive greater operating leverage and cost efficiency , particularly in Barclays UK and the Investment Bank, as we work to streamline processes and modernise our technology and infrastructure. So, as we cross the midpoint of the three-year plan, we are delivering consistently , and by doing so, we remain firmly on track to achieve our objectives for 2025, 2026, and with further ambition beyond that. And with that, I am happy to take your questions. Please, can you introduce yourself with your name and your institution because this meeting is being transcribed, and I will start on my left with Chris. Chris Hallam, Goldman Sachs Thank you very much, Chris Hallam from Goldman Sachs. So I guess one simple question, just to begin with, on UK motor , perhaps you could remind us, last quarter you provided some context and overview of your position in that segment, just a recap of that and also how you see the developments over the last 48 hours in terms of impact on the competitive landscape in the UK and also maybe with the potential redress scheme, the sort of growth focus from the UK government. And then secondly , separately , the Investment Bank, you have the 50% of group RWAs target. Y ou have said repeatedly R oTE is the North Star . I think on the call, Jason’s question about if the revenue number gets up that would support a higher RoTE outcome for the group. Is that the right way to think about it? That the 50% RWA target would be the one that sort of, you'd be happy to give in order to let the IB do what it can do and probably support outperformance versus targets? Anna Cross Let me start with UK motor . So just to remind you, we exited the business and sold our business in its entirety in 2019. And up to that point, we'd had a low single digit market share. We were not a big participant in the market. We welcome the clarity and the reduction in uncertainty that's come from the Supreme Court ruling on Friday . And we also welcome the news from the FCA yesterday that they will consult on an industry wide redress scheme. So, we'll be spending time with them and the government ensuring that that is fair and balanced. And that's probably all I can say at this point, you know, given that we've yet to hear from the FCA in detail and, you know, this is live, coming out, but that's broadly where we are. So, nothing really to sort of add from where we've been in the past. On the second point, the 50% is, I would say , both an intent and an output. By an intent, what I mean is it's in service of growing a business with high returns and more stable returns. And that is the simple objective of the plan that we set out. And it's also an output, and it's an output from two really important, if you like, strategic plans within the plan itself. The first is our belief that we have the right waterfront and the right level of capital within the IB. And I think that we've shown that we can grow it and grow its returns within the waterfront that we've given it. And we did say at the outset that we felt there were areas where capital could become more efficient, and we still continue to see that.

The second part is clearly the growth in the UK to which we are committed both for the £30 billion [RWA growth] and beyond. Y ou know, we're going to continue to want to grow those high returning businesses. The third piece of the jigsaw, which is less within our control, is clearly the timing of regulatory change. And that’s clearly a factor in getting to that 50%. So, the timing of the implementation of the US card model could be 2026/2027 and somewhat out of our hands, Chris . B ut I think the really important part and the intent is maintaining capital in the IB, certain that we can grow within that and, and continuing to grow the UK group. Philip Richards, Bloomberg Intelligence Phil Richards from Bloomberg Intelligence. Two questions as well please. First of all you have given us quite a lot of information on the structural hedge and the impact on the UK, but if you could just, take a step back and look at the overall UK margin in terms of UK bank and what the outlook is for the next couple of years. And then secondly , credit costs seem to be coming in lower pretty much every quarter , at the moment, than your 50 to 60 base points through the cycle. Is that how you expect it to remain over the next 18 months or so? Anna Cross So, I'm going to interpret from your question, th at you want me to talk about B arclays UK. So I mean we're not guiding to NIM , we're guiding very much to net interest income, and that's really because we're growing both the numerator and the denominator . Y ou know, we're growing our asset businesses, strongly as you can see, and depending, in any particular quarter , the dominance of either secured or unsecured, then that's clearly going to make a difference to that margin from mix. But generally speaking, w e do feel we've got momentum in the margin that's coming not just from the structural hedge, and remember that's coming from the strengths of the deposit business overall, but also from the fact that we are growing assets and in particular , I do expect that the promotional balances that we've written over the last 18 months in cards are going to start to mature and they start in the second half of this year . But the, the greater bulk, if you like, the longer dated promotional balances will really pick up in 2026. So, I'm expecting that momentum to continue. But more importantly I would say is just growing the balance sheet overall whilst growing that margin, so you are going to see that continued NII momentum. On credit costs, the UK generally it's just very benign and customers remain very disciplined. We can see that in their actions in terms of their spending. Spending has typically been below inflation for , for some time. We're now seeing signs that credit card spending is outstripping debit card spending but that's a relatively new sort of over the last six months type scenario. And at the same time, through COVID, they very much deleveraged their own balance sheets and we saw quite a reduction in unsecured lending through the UK. So, all of that is going on in the background, but at the same time, you also see real wage growth. Y ou see good demand for mortgages, you know, low, but pretty stable if not slightly growing HPI. So, all of the economic indicators are actually pretty stable. Corporate failures are not systemic, they're idiosyncratic from what we can see. So, there are really no signs of distress in the economy . I mean, to give you an idea, our UK credit card delinquencies across 30 days are 0.7%, and our UK mortgage delinquencies are 0.2% across 90 days. So, they're very , very low in historical standards. So, over

time we would expect them to normalise and clearly we're going to see a degree of normalisation as we continue to grow the book. But there's certainly no immediate signs of it so I think the customers are in good shape. Jordan Bartlam, Mediobanca Hi, so Jordan from Mediobanca, I had a quick one on US cards. So it was a decent pickup QoQ in the US cards NIM. I was wondering whether that's sort of a new baseline. It's be en a bit choppy , that NIM print, as you've had the repricing actions from last year, the changing funding structure. Is this kind of a new benchmark level, we progress from here or is it going to continue to be quite choppy both up and down? And then also there's a bit of complexity in terms of how you book the hedge income within US cards. Just maybe a bit of a better understanding of the nuances there, whether it's through net interest income or other income and [inaudible]. Anna Cross So, we did see progression in the NIM and I expect to see further progression from here. And that's really coming from the repricing actions which continue to mature, as you say , we took them last year , but, customers need to spend on the new terms and conditions for those to become live, and we continue to grow a deposit. We're around 73% [core deposits] now and we expect that to get to over 75%. That's our objective and you can see that on the slide and there is a differential in margin between those broker deposits and direct to retail deposits. Slide 25, if you want to have a look at that. I think it's the chart in the bottom right-hand corner . So, the other thing that's going to help us progress Jordan, is, bringing on GM. So, GM is a higher margin because it's a retail book, but the risk adjusted margin is very good. So, you can see that, remembering Q3, we're going to onboard the back book of GM. We're already originating on the front book, so you're going to see further progress from here I think, in terms of that NIM. And just in terms of the two, quirky things that we've talked about before. We’re now starting to book those on a forward basis in a different way . So, you're going to see the hedging come flowing into NII. So previously , the way we hedged this, you saw the margin compression from any rate reduction coming through in the NIM and you saw the offsetting income in non- NII. You're now going to see those geographically in the same place, bringing it into alignment with the group. And the third thing is, whilst it's not a massive matter in the quarter , previously what we've done is where we've had large pools of cash on the balance sheet used to pay down securitisation, they were included in that NIM calculation on an ongoing basis. Again, in alignment with the group, we will exclude those. So, I think some of that will take some of the choppiness that you've seen quarter to quarter out of the NIM also, Jordan. But the, most important thing is this forward momentum that's going to come from pricing and mix really . Okay , thank you. Canberk Benning, Citi Jan from Citi, just one quick question on the IB. So, you talked about beating consensus for the last six quarters. How sustain able do you think that would be going forward, particularly in the trading, FICC and Equities, because I know some of your peer s have commented on that. And then secondly , on lending, have you seen any sort of uncertain distress from corporates based on the macro environment, particularly after tariff regime in US or is it, most ly a wait an d see moment or is it just business normal?

Anna Cross Well clearly beating consensus, is a tale of two halves. So, I can't really comment on that. What I can comment on is the fact that we are confident in our ability to grow the IB, generally speaking. And that's really coming fr om our objectives to grow and stabili se. So, you can see the momentum we've got in those stable sources of revenue. We talk about Financing a lot, we talk about the International Corporate Bank less so, and remember they perform similar roles in those different parts of the Investment Bank. So, expect that to remain our focus. Expect us also to want to continue to mature out those focus businesses that I talked about within Markets. And we do feel like we are taking share. And expect us to continue to want to take share in Investment Banking fees. So, that ambition remains there. We still want to get this business to be in alignment with the group RoTE in 2026 and to make some progress in 2025. So, you should expect us to want to keep pushing that income momentum . Now, clearly what we saw in Q2 was a degree of volatility particularly in April and so we saw our daily run rates in April pretty elevated. But actually in May and June they were higher than they were in the previous year and that's really coming from the stability of that Financing business. What we are not assuming in our sort of c .11% is that there is market volatility in the year to go. Clearly if that occurs then you should expect us to monetise it, but that's not something that we are relying upon. On your second question, lending, as I said in in my question before, we don't see any sort of significant points of distress in either the UK or the US relating to tariff s or national insurance changes or minimum wage changes in the UK. They're very idiosyncratic where we see those points of pressure. Of course, we do use SRT as a credit relief mechanism and we focus that on specific sectors where we have concerns at times, but really nothing to call out. There's a little bit of wait and see, and it's very industry sector specific as you're probably picking up. But at the same time I think the general economic pressure and the de sire to grow productivity is also leading some corporates to want to invest. So you see both extremes really and it is very corporate specific. Priya Rathod, Jefferies Hi, this is Priya Rathod from Jefferies. Just a higher-level question on your cost target. So, you realised £200 million of the expected £500 million, for FY25. Do you see any execution risks for the remaining £300 million? And I know we've touched upon macro today and even last week, but just say there's a shift in the macro in the second half. Are you confident that you'll be able to see that remaining £300 million. Thank you. Anna Cross Okay , so just a reminder everybody , we got £2 billion target for the three years together . Actually , at the end of the first half of the plan we're at £1.35 billion. So, we've done £350 million of the £500 million that we need to do this year at the half year . So, £1.35 billion through that £2 billion and we've got a good line of sight here in relation to the execution of that. Inflation tends to hit us on a lagged basis so if we did see a pickup in inflation, we would expect to see that pressure a little bit further out because it tends to feed through into property and into people costs on a bit of a lag. And that's one of the reasons why we're still seeing quite high inflation coming through the cost

base in 2025 when actually the headline rate dropped in 2024. That's kind of how it tends to affect us, but we've got good line of sight to those cost savings this year around next year . I think the sort of bigger point that we are thoughtful about now is really what’s beyond 2026 and really how do we keep that focus on efficiency. And as I said in my remarks, it's really technology focused, and process focused. That's clearly harder to do than people and property . And that's one of the reasons that we phased the cost reductions as we did through the plan that we've already got. So, a £1 billion in the first year followed by £500 million and £500 million, just recognising that those cost reductions are a bit harder to get after now. Thank you. Elise Yu Ge, KBW Elise Yu Ge from KBW, thank you for taking the questions. I've just got two please. So, first is on margin for US consumer , which has been improving Q2 to 10.8%. But it just feels like still a long way to your more than 12% target. I'm just wondering if you can give us any colour on that. But on the other hand, Q2 seems to be having some encouraging signs of corporate loan growth pickup. Just wondering, you know, what are your thoughts on it and in terms of the drivers behind. So that's my tricky way to combine the two questions, but hopefully it's some way related. And then second one is on capital. So just curious on your rational for running with the CET1 on the top end of the range. So that's 14% Q2, particularly with some of your peer banks, like Lloyds cutting down to 13.8 %. I know you've been talking about continuing growth with RWAs, j ust wondering if there's any other thoughts? Okay , thank you. Anna Cross You know, our views on margins very similar to Jordan's question really . I mean, we've got a good line of sight to the targets, which is greater than 12% and that's really coming from the three things that I talked about before, which are pricing, deposit growth, and then mix. Clearly the onboarding of clients like GM really help that and the continued rebalancing. To give you an idea, at the moment we're about 15% retail, post GM it will be 20%. So that really does start to push the NIM but really importantly , a higher risk adjusted margin. So, the, increase in NIM more than compensates for any increase in a loan loss rate that we might expect. On corporate loan pickup. I'd sort of nest it in the context of the discussions that we've already had around credit. So it really is I would say an improved supply side on our part. And if you go back to the deep dive that we had, with Matt Hammerstein last year. He was really focused on working with the clients we already have with whom we've got deep cash relationships or merchant acquiring payments relationships. So, we know them well . R eally sort of reinvigorating our appetite to lend to those clients and you can see that coming through and that's product, its process, it's digital engagement. So, all of the things that we talked about is just the strategy . I think the other thing I would call out is that we are growing our client base, so we onboarded 550 new clients last year , 330 this year so far . So, we are actively acquiring clients, and we can see that our market share of both lending and deposits is going up. On your final point as to why we are running where we are on capital, we talked to Q1 about the fact that we were now holding a bit more Pillar 2A and that reflects the fact that there is a delay in the implementation of the US card model. What that does is it increases the MDA and therefore

we are seeking to run a buffer above that. Similarly at this point in time we have no clarity as to what will happen for Pillar 2A in UK Basel. So Pillar 1 is going to go up, we might expect a degree of offset and Pillar 2A, but we don’t know what that is yet. And therefore, we are very happy running where we are. The business is highly capital generative. So, we are both generating good returns and improved returns, but on a higher capital base and we're comfortable doing that because it gives us options in terms of redeployment and distributions. As you've seen distributions are up significantly year on year, 21% up and that buyback is up to a billion. So, immediately on the day that we announced, obviously the capital drops to 13.7%, so it's in the zone that we said it would be and we are happy there until we've got further clarity . Sheel Shah, JPM Okay , great thank you, Sheel Shah , JP Morgan. I've got one on UK NII and then a few on cards please. So, on the UK NII it seems like there'll be a hockey stick effect for the third and fourth quarter . I know you've spoken about the card balances coming online in the second half. The hedge contribution in the first quarter was about £50 million increased quarter on quarter . The second quarter was about £75 million quarter on quarter . Is there some lumpiness in this that we should be expecting for the third and fourth quarter or is it going to be a bit more linear between them both? And then for the cards, just a few there. You've spoken about the asset quality environment in the cards business UK and US. How should we think about the stage two ratio? Normally that, at least on the US side used to run above 30%. I know there's some moving parts from book sales and T esco coming online, but should we be going back towards that sort of 30% in the US and sort of mid-twenties for the UK? And then just one more on US cards with regards to, there was a deal around Apple Pay , earlier in the year, it seems you may have lost out to at least. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about competition in the cards market. It seems to be quite competitive. Is this a pricing market? You know, what's the main source of competition in this market? And keen to get your thoughts on the market overall? Anna Cross Let me start with UK NII. I think a hockey stick is too strong an expression. Y ou know, clearly what we called out is that there was some headwinds in NII in the first couple of quarters really from these maturing swaps. The timing on the accounting, which then neutrali ses in the second half. And remember you've also had some base rate reduction effects in the first half as well , so, you get that sort of repricing timing coming through. So specifically what you should be modelling is that the negative factor in product margin in that sort of diagram that we've given you goes from being negative to neutral to positive essentially in the second half. So, I'm not looking at any particular lumpiness. Really what you've got coming through is continued role of the structural hedge, continued asset growth, but then the margin matter, really that hedge effect dissipating and also the maturation of cards starting in the second half. So not lumpy . On the second point on cards, it's difficult to call out a specific percentage. Essentially, what stage two is that's the real sort of procyclical element of I FRS 9 is the way I think about it . Because they're almost certainly not delinquent, but your model is telling you given the macroeconomic environment or your macroeconomic assumptions that they may well become delinquent and

therefore you start providing for those. So, there can be movements in and out of stage one and stage two purely on the basis of a change in consensus, macroeconomic consensus, which we use to drive our IFRS9 models. So, it's difficult to call out a specific percentage, but if you saw an expected deterioration in the macroeconomic environment, that's where you'd see the increase in charge coming through a higher coverage of those stage two balances. The other thing I would say is perhaps two offsetting things. Given that the level of indebtedness is such structurally lower , not just in the UK but in the US, clearly that also feeds into whether someone is stage one or stage two. Because the more sort of borrowings you have, the more likely it is that we regard you as a stage two borrower . So, a general level of reduction in indebtedness across both markets will feed through into a generally lower level. Conversely to that, if you start to see a pickup in spending that comes from economic confidence, even though the environment might be better , if customers start spending more, then that can also trigger them into stage two. I often say to my colleagues, if they go and buy a new house and start buying stuff for the house, they will certainly become a stage two customer irrespective of whether or not you feel you are a credit risk. So, it's quite sensitive really to nuances and customer behaviour. So, I won't call out percentage but a few things to think about there. And then finally in terms of the US cards book we continue to look for new partners in the US and you should expect us to do so. We see really our sweet spot probably where we have a competitive edge around a slightly smaller portfolio, say between £2-4 billion. We like that because typically , it doesn't put a huge concentration in our book, which we're always mindful of. So, we don't want very , very large books within there, just because of the scale of our business. So don't expect us to pursue a Walmart or a Costco or anything like that. Simply the book isn't big enough to house that. We wouldn't want the concentration risk. It is always a balance between price and the rest of the service that you can give those businesses. Remember for us we do not have our own brand in terms of cards. That makes a difference to partners. We are not competing in the wallet against them with our own card. The other thing is we carry their brand. So the service and the operational stability that goes with it is really important. So we continue to invest in digitisation of this business. And in fact, the customer facing and customer engagement digiti sation is probably the best in the business, not necessarily at the operational end, but in the way that you interact with us. So we think that's also important for partners. So it's not just price , it’s very multifaceted. And you can see that in our retention. In the last year we've won not only the GM, but we've retained four. So, it does come through in the retention stats. We're able to build those businesses very successfully , retain clients, provide a really high level of service. And you can see that in the satisfaction of the partners that we work with. So very focused on that. Jason Napier , UBS Good morning, Jason from UBS. The first question just on T esco Bank, thank you for the slide disclosure on total revenues of cards plus T esco. That number of £279 million is only £61 million more than the divisional disclosure of cards on its own, which implies that T esco only did £60 million of revenues in the quarter , £250 million annualised. It's supposed to be £400 million when you bought it, maybe there's something else going on in the allocation. Anna Cross

Y eah, we'll come back to you. But just to reiterate, our expectation for the year is that T esco will have an NII of c.£500 million, so the £400 million plus funding synergies. So, if there's a concern on that slide, we will come back to you. Jason Napier , UBS Okay , perfect, thank you. And then the second one, another thing that I'm getting wrong persistently is I'm looking for rate leverage in things like the Transaction Bank and the Private Bank that just isn't turning up. It's growing instead of shrinking as rates go down and the volume growth isn't particularly strong either , so the hedge is small, the LDR is low, and yet it's growing really well. Could you talk a little bit about the outlook for NII within transaction banking and the Private Bank top line please? Anna Cross So, it's as simple as balance growth relationships. I mean, there's nothing else going on within Transaction banking or indeed International Corporate Banking. We're just seeing strong growth generally . You know, I think it's unlikely that we will see a rapid increase in the LDR. Our objective is to grow deposits and corporate deposits in alignment with the market. We're actually doing a bit better than that and I think that reflects growth in clients and it reflect s growth in client balances. You know, as I said before, corporates are actually in relatively good shape and at the same time, you know, perhaps a little bit of wait and see in terms of their actions, for many of them. So you can see that coming through. So nothing really to call out . In Private Banking and Wealth Management, very similar . Some lumpiness quarter to quarter that just comes from transitory balances, flicking in and out of investments, but client assets and liability growth in that business is c.11% CAGR. So, it's just relationship growth. Jason, Jason Napier , UBS Sorry , just to come back on that, the deposits in the Corporate Bank are flat year on year and Private Bank deposits are up 3% year on year, Transaction banking's up 11% year on year, NII up 9% year on year . On the big numbers it's hard to, to see what's driving the growth in a falling rate environment. Is it just that we can't see the spread mix in the business? Anna Cross Y es, a little bit. I mean NIBCA, so our non -interest-bearing current accounts are very stable in those businesses. Y ou saw quite an early reduction in those. So if you remember back to the sort of rising rate environment, actually you saw that migration happen ed really early in both Corporate and in the Private Banking and Wealth space. So really they reached a point of stabilisation much faster than the other businesses had done. Dan, anything you'd add? Dan Fairclough, Group T reasurer Well, I mean, just the earnings on those balances are generally current rate balances. I wouldn't say they're going down in terms of the rate environment. So, the asset side's pretty stable as well. Nicolas Payen, Kepler Chevreux Couple of questions on the UK and regarding your target of £30 billion RWA growth. Just wanted to see if you see any particular areas of opportunity at the moment. Y ou mentioned for instance

good mortgage growth and the conversion of the commercial balance in consumer and unsecured lending . So just wanted to know if there is anything, particularly attractive at the moment. And then just focusing on Kensington maybe, it's an increasing part of your flows in mortgage and just wanted to know what is the density on this mortgage compared to a traditional L TV mortgage? Y ou mentioned the higher margins, but what about the density on this kind of mortgage? Thank you. Anna Cross Okay so, in terms of the RWA growth in the UK expect more of the same. If you look at our current run rate, we're around £2 billion per quarter across the first half, we might expect that to pick up a little. And you can see that from the momentum on slide 13. But nothing specifically to call out beyond what we talked about before. So continued net growth in mortgages, the housing market remains buoyant in the UK. It was a little slower in Q2 than it was in Q1, just because of the stamp duty affects but we still grew net. We do expect slightly higher level of redemptions in the second half, but our retention is good. And gross share is probably a little higher than our stock share. So, expect that to continue. And within that sort of really using the full breadth of the range that we've got with Kensington, which I'll come back to. Cards very similar . Y ou can see the run rate that we are going at now deploying not just T esco into the market, but also Amazon and Avios. So, remember , we're running essentially four brands, now as we address that market and that's really helping us target different types of customers, different products. Corporate lending you can see is picking up some momentum. What happens there is we put the RWAs out and then you subsequently see the drawdown. So, there's some timing disconnect between RWAs and lending in corporate. T ypically , we've put those facilities out, we've seen subsequent drawdowns. And then the last one I would call out is just Business Banking. So, worth looking at the bottom left-hand side of page 13. So, in Business Banking remember it's still got a lot of these COVID era loans within there, that are in run-off. So you've seen those declining over the last few quarters and really what you should be focused on is the darker blue area at the bottom, which is probably too early to call it a trend yet, but we are pleased with that progress in terms of Business Banking lending really starting to turn and expect us to focus on that more. So, a bit more of the same, maybe with a bit more intensification on that Business Banking side. On Kensington, I describe it as not necessarily high risk but more complex risk, that may or may not be higher loan to value. That gives a substantially higher margin, so we said roughly four times for an equivalent product in the sort of Barclays vanilla range if you like. But in doing so, we are being mindful of both the flow and the stock of higher L TV on the book. So you can see that even with Kensington running at quite a rate, the flow L TV of the book is still slightly less than 70%, 69.5% in the quarter . And we are essentially managing the flow to managing the overall stock risk on the book. So less than 16% is over 70% L TV on the book. So, we're happy with where we're running. Kensington is a standardised portfolio, at this stage, so that should give you some ideas to as to how the risk weights are relative to the book as a whole. Giulia Aurora Mioto, Morgan Stanley

Hi, good morning, Giulia, Morgan Stanley and I have two questions please. The first one is about Corporate Lending, the negative revenues. And so you said before corporates are in a good shape and [inaudible]. So why these marks are you perhaps being more conservative, taking advantage of strong trading? And then secondly , with the US deregulating, what do you think the UK PRA will do in response? Are there any lines they will not cross or how would they ensure competitiveness for UK banks? Thank you. Anna Cross Okay . I'll start on the first and I’ll make some comments, but I will invite Dan to comment on the PRA also. So, within that Corporate lending line there are quite a few things included within there. You've clearly got Corporate lending, exactly what it says on the tin. Y ou should expect that to be sort of stable QoQ. Then we do have marks both positive and negative going through there. They were positive in the quarter before, negative in this quarter , and that's just us reflecting specific clients. I won't obviously call out names , but as I said before, where we see issues, they are idiosyncratic. So they still do occur, they’re just not systemic across the book. So, it's not really inconsistent with my comment around overall credit quality . The other thing that's going on in there is we do put the cost of hedging through there. So, to the extent that we are in a more volatile environment, you would expect us to hedge a bit more. And, and clearly that's what we saw during the second quarter. So, take all of that together . Just to remind you the cost of SRT also goes through that line in terms of the Colonnade program, although that's broadly stable. So, just think about those levers. In terms of the US I think sort of beyond deregulation what we see in the US is a real desire to look at the capital framework holistically . So looking at, not just Basel, but looking at SLR and looking at the stress testing regime and looking at the GSIB regime all together . And so we welcome the desire of the FPC really to sort of look at this more broadly in the UK, but Dan anything you want to pick up specifically? Dan Fairclough I think the debate with the PRA has often been about Basel principles and it's been about the implementation of Basel 3.1. I think it feels like where we're going to go now is, as Anna said, a bit more of a sort of fulsome look at all of the different aspects of the regime. So, in some of those respects, they may not be bound by Basel, they'll be sort of individual, UK specific items. So yeah it'd be interesting to engage with the consultation and obviously where the US goes will be a useful sort of barometer for us. Anna Cross Y eah, if I can just add, I think the last thing would be that point of international alignment we think is important not just for the bank but also for clients and for investors. And the other piece would be just getting clarity on how Pillar 2A will also interact within this will be important. Perlie Mong, Bank of America Hi, it’s Perlie, Bank of America. So just a couple of final questions I suppose. TSB, I guess no one would say that the price they went for was particularly cheap, but I guess nevertheless they

managed to come up with a pretty attractive RoI, notwithstanding the fact that they're using a 55% synergy assumption which is quite high. I guess any comments you could give in terms of why in the final rounds you did not go for it, and maybe just a wider thinking of what level of R oI do you think would be worth it if you were to do an M&A transaction? And then a couple follow ups on the [US] cards side. Note that you said that you are mindful of the concentration risk. I think there are maybe some portfolios that are maybe a bit more at risk of maybe having a combination. I guess Hawaiian Airlines you might have in mind. I know you said that you're [continuing] that partnership and nevertheless there's some conversations around that. So, does that mean that if that were to happen in the next few years, you would not want to chase that volume because it would present too much concentration risk? And I guess the other follow up to the cards question is, again, you mentioned that you wouldn't chase volume and that Ro TE is a north star , but equally cards is a scale business. And when the AA book goes, I guess in the next year , I don't suppose the cost base would fall by 20%. So how do you balance between the cost element and the scalability of the car d business and sort of not chasing volume for the sake of it? Anna Cross As you would expect I'm not going to talk about any target potential or otherwise. So, I'm not going to talk specifics here, but I will talk about how we feel about M&A generally . So, we've said in the past that where we consider M&A you should expect us to do it in our three highest returning UK businesses. That in so doing we would be looking for either scale or capability . So, Kensington was capability both in terms of its, risk and underwriting capability, but also its securiti sation capability . T esco is both scale and capability . So, as we integrate T esco, it is an integration and not a migration. So, we are building some of the T esco functionality into Barclays as we bring those balances across. So, looking for both of those things. And then the third thing is obviously price and return. So, anything that we've done in the past ticks all those three boxes. And anything that we would do in the future would tick all three of those boxes. I won't call out a target R oI, but you should expect that as we look at things, we're also really mindful of our capital hierarchy , which is number on e regulatory , and number two, distributions to shareholders. So we don't want to distract the business either from the distribution targets that we've giv en you already , which are at least £10 billion, nor indeed operationally. We don't want to, have a significant operational lift that we believe would be difficult within the context of the plan, timeframe beyond what we are doing already, we're really execution focused. And then the third thing is investment in the business. So, expect us to remain really disciplined, and as we look at things as a high bar. In terms of US cards, to your point on concentration, look, I talked about previously wanting to be at sort of the 2-4 billion dollars type range. Clearly if there is further consolidation in the market then we'll look at things on a case-by-case basis, I wouldn't give you a conclusion here. The one that we walked away from was obviously American, which would have been in combination, a very large file for us. And not only that, a very large file with a low risk adjusted margin. So that's why we walked away from that business. So, remember as AA exits the business, you're going to see a few things happening. Y ou will clearly see the risk adjusted margin go up. As you say , it does put some economies of scale pressure into the business from a cost perspective but expect us to be working very hard on that even from now. And we do think that growth continues to be both

attractive and possible in this business. So, we still remain ambitious to sort of grow balances over time, so we'll just continue to do that. But RoTE is the north star . Okay . Any more questions? Sheel has one. Sheel Shah Just two very quick ones. You said on the 2027 hedge the maturing yield which was helpful. Should we expect £50 billion being the turnover in terms of the maturing balances? And then secondly , just Dan to come back to you with regards to changes to the regulatory framework. I'm sure capital will be mostly the focus, but I don't think any of the UK banks will be leverage constrained, so would there be any sense in adjusting anything on that side just to get your thoughts on that? Anna Cross Why don't I start and then I'll hand it to Dan. I think it's reasonable assumption that the hedge is broadly programmatic. Dan Fairclough We haven't given any specific details in 2027, but you can extrapolate from 2025 and 2026, that's reasonable. Anna Cross And do you want to talk about leverage? Dan Fairclough Y eah, look, I think leverage will be part of the package. I mean, I kind of agree with you on your point that generally the UK banks are CET1 constrained, but I think it's part of the overall package. There is conversation about the treasury exemptions in the US regime and I think we'd be interested in having the same type of discussion in relation to gilts in the UK. So yeah, part of the package, maybe not driving it, but an element. Anna Cross Thank you everybody . I hope you get a break over the summer , and we will see you soon. Thank you.

Important Notice The terms Barclays or Group refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. The information, statements and opinions contained in this presentation do not constitute a public offer under any applicable legislation, an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities or financial instruments, or any advice or recommendation with respect to such securities or other financial instruments. Information relating to: • regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity , resolution and related regimes is based on Barclays' interpretation of applicable rules and regulations as in force and implemented in the UK as at the reporting date, including, but not limited to: CRR; the PRA Rul ebook; and any applicable delegated acts, implementing acts or technical standards; in each case as amended and, where applicable, as such rules and regulations form part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. All such regulatory requirements are subject to change and disclosures made by the Group will be subject to any resulting changes. The Pillar 2A requirement is also subject to at least annual review; • MREL is based on Barclays' understanding of the Bank of England’s Statement of Policy on "The Bank of England's approach to setting a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)" published in December 2021, and its MREL requirements communicated to Barclays by the Bank of England. MREL requirements remain subject to change, as determined by the Bank of England, taking into account a number of factors as described in the policy , along with international developments; • future regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity , funding and/or MREL, including forward looking illustrations, are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not forecasts of Barclays’ results of operations or capital position or otherwise. Illustrations regarding the capital flight path, end-state capital evolution and expectations and MREL build are based on certain assumptions applicable at the date of publication only which cannot be assured and are subject to change. Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non -IFRS performance measures included in this presentation provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an impo rtant aspect of the way in which operating

targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However , any nonIFRS performance measures in this presentation are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to the appendix of the Barclays PLC Results Announcement for each of the periods ended 30 June 2019, 30 June 2021, 30 June 2023, 30 June 2024, 30 September 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 March 2025 and the Group Reporting Changes 2023 Results Resegmentation Document, respectively , which are available at Barclays.com, for further information and calculations of non -IFRS performance measures included throughout this presentation, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Group. Barclays cautions re aders that no forward looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forwardlooking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’ , ‘will’ , ‘seek’ , ‘continue’ , ‘aim’ , ‘anticipate’ , ‘target’ , ‘projected’ , ‘expect’ , ‘estimate’ , ‘intend’ , ‘plan’ , ‘goal’ , ‘believe’ , ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors, officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) in c onnection with this document. Examples of forward -looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Group’s future financial position, business strategy , income levels, costs, assets and liabilities, impairment charges, provisions, capital leverage and other regulatory ratios, capital distributions (including policy on dividends and share buybacks), return on tangible equity , projected levels of growth in banking and financial markets, industry trends, any commitments and targets (including environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) commitments and targets), plans and objectives for future operations, International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and other statements that are not historical or current fact s. By their nature, forward -looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date on which they are made. Forward-looking statements may be affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation: changes in legislation, regulations, governmental and regulatory policies, expectations and actions, voluntary codes of practices and the interpretation thereof, changes in IFRS and other accounting standards, including practices with regard to the interpretation and application thereof and emerging and developing sustainability reporting standards (including

emissions accounting methodologies); changes in tax laws and practice; the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations; the Group’s ability along with governments and other stakeholders to measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change effectively or navigate inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy is implemented in the regions where the Group operates, including as a result of the adoption of anti-ESG rules and regulations, or other forms of governmental and regulatory action against ESG policies; environmental, social and geopolitical risks and incidents and similar events beyond the Group’s control; financial crime; the impact of competition in the banking and financial services ind ustry; capital, liquidity , leverage and other regulatory rules and requirements applicable to past, current and future periods; UK, US, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions, including inflation; volatility in credit and capital markets ; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; reforms to benchmark interest rates and indices; higher or lower asset valuations; changes in credit ratings of any entity within the Group or any securities issued by it; changes in counterparty risk; changes in consumer behaviour; changes in trade policy , including the imposition of tariffs or other protectionist measures; the direct and indirect consequences of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East on European and global macroeconomic conditions, political stability and financial markets; changes in US legislation and policy following the US elections in 2024; developments in the UK’s relationship with the European Union; the risk of cyberattacks, information or security breaches, technology failures or operational disruptions and any subsequent impact on the Group’s reputation, business or operations; the Group’s ability to access funding; and the success of acquisitions (including the acquisition of T esco Bank completed in November 2024), disposals, joint ventures and other strategic transactions. A number of these factors are beyond the Group’s control. As a result, the Group’s actual financial position, results, financial and non -financial metrics or performance measures or its ability to meet commitments and targets may differ materially from the statements or guidance set forth in the Group’s forward-looking statements. In setting its targets and outlook for the period 2024 -2026, Barclays has made certain assumptions about the macroeconomic environment, including, without limitation, inflation, interest and unemployment rates, the different markets and competitive conditions in which Barclays operates, and its ability to grow certain businesses and achieve costs savings and other structural actions. Additional risks and factors which may impact the Group’s future financial condition and performance are identified in Barclays PLC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) (including, without l imitation, Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 December 2024), which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov .

Subject to Barclays PLC's obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the UK and the US) in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward -looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

=== PRESS RELEASE ===

Barclays PLC Interim Results Announcement 30 June 2025

Results Announcement Page Notes 1 Performance Highlights 2 Group Finance Director’s Review 5 Results by Business • Barclays UK 7 • Barclays UK Corporate 10 • Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 11 • Barclays Investment Bank 12 • Barclays US Consumer Bank 14 • Head Office 16 Quarterly Results Summary 17 Quarterly Results by Business 18 Performance Management • Margins and Balances 25 Risk Management • Risk Management and Principal Risks 27 • Credit Risk 28 • Market Risk 49 • Treasury and Capital Risk 50 Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 60 Independent Review Report to Barclays PLC 61 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 63 Financial Statement Notes 69 Appendix: Non-IFRS Performance Measures 90 Shareholder Information 98

BARCLAYS PLC, 1 CHURCHILL PLACE, LONDON, E14 5HP, UNITED KINGDOM. TELEPHONE: +44 (0) 20 7116 1000. COMPANY NO. 48839. Table of Contents Barclays PLC

The terms Barclays and Group refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise stated, the income statement analysis compares the six months ended 30 June 2025 to the corresponding six months of 2024 and balance sheet analysis as at 30 June 2025 with comparatives relating to 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024. The abbreviations ‘£m’ and ‘£bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Pounds Sterling respectively; the abbreviations ‘$m’ and ‘$bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of US Dollars respectively; and the abbreviations ‘€m’ and ‘€bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Euros respectively. There are a number of key judgement areas, for example impairment calculations, which are based on models and which are subject to ongoing adjustment and modifications. Reported numbers reflect best estimates and judgements at the given point in time. Relevant terms that are used in this document but are not defined under applicable regulatory guidance or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are explained in the results glossary, which can be accessed at home.barclays/investor-relations. The information in this announcement, which was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 July 2025, does not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. Statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024, which contain an unmodified audit report under Section 495 of the Companies Act 2006 (which does not make any statements under Section 498 of the Companies Act 2006) have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in accordance with Section 441 of the Companies Act 2006. These results will be furnished on Form 6-K to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as practicable following publication of this document. Once furnished to the SEC, a copy of the Form 6-K will be available from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Barclays is a frequent issuer in the debt capital markets and regularly meets with investors via formal roadshows and other ad hoc meetings. Consistent with its usual practice, Barclays expects that from time to time over the coming quarter it will meet with investors globally to discuss these results and other matters relating to the Group. Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to the appendix on pages 90 to 97 for definitions and calculations of non-IFRS performance measures included throughout this document, and reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Group. Barclays cautions readers that no forwardlooking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’, ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can be made in writing but also may be made verbally by directors, officers and employees of the Group (including during management presentations) in connection with this document. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Group’s future financial position, business strategy, income levels, costs, assets and liabilities, impairment charges, provisions, capital leverage and other regulatory ratios, capital distributions (including policy on dividends and share buybacks), return on tangible equity, projected levels of growth in banking and financial markets, industry trends, any commitments and targets (including environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) commitments and targets), plans and objectives for future operations, International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and other statements that are not historical or current facts. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date on which they are made. Forward-looking statements may be affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation: changes in legislation, regulations, governmental and regulatory policies, expectations and actions, voluntary codes of practices and the interpretation thereof, changes in IFRS and other accounting standards, including practices with regard to the interpretation and application thereof and emerging and developing sustainability reporting standards (including emissions accounting methodologies); changes in tax laws and practice; the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations; the Group’s ability along with governments and other stakeholders to measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change effectively or navigate inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy is implemented in the regions where the Group operates, including as a result of the adoption of anti-ESG rules and regulations, or other forms of governmental and regulatory action against ESG policies; environmental, social and geopolitical risks and incidents and similar events beyond the Group’s control; financial crime; the impact of competition in the banking and financial services industry; capital, liquidity, leverage and other regulatory rules and requirements applicable to past, current and future periods; UK, US, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions, including inflation; volatility in credit and capital markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; reforms to benchmark interest rates and indices; higher or lower asset valuations; changes in credit ratings of any entity within the Group or any securities issued by it; changes in counterparty risk; changes in consumer behaviour; changes in trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs or other protectionist measures; the direct and indirect consequences of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East on European and global macroeconomic conditions, political stability and financial markets; changes in US legislation and policy following the US elections in 2024; developments in the UK’s relationship with the European Union; the risk of cyberattacks, information or security breaches, technology failures or operational disruptions and any subsequent impact on the Group’s reputation, business or operations; the Group’s ability to access funding; and the success of acquisitions (including the acquisition of Tesco Bank completed in November 2024), disposals, joint ventures and other strategic transactions. A number of these factors are beyond the Group’s control. As a result, the Group’s actual financial position, results, financial and non-financial metrics or performance measures or its ability to meet commitments and targets may differ materially from the statements or guidance set forth in the Group’s forward-looking statements. In setting its targets and outlook for the period 2024-2026, Barclays has made certain assumptions about the macroeconomic environment, including, without limitation, inflation, interest and unemployment rates, the different markets and competitive conditions in which Barclays operates, and its ability to grow certain businesses and achieve costs savings and other structural actions. Additional risks and factors which may impact the Group’s future financial condition and performance are identified in Barclays PLC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) (including, without limitation, Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 December 2024), which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Subject to Barclays PLC's obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the UK and the US) in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Notes Barclays PLC 1

Barclays delivered a return on tangible equity (RoTE) of 13.2% in H125, and announced £1.4bn total capital distributions to shareholders in respect of the first half of 2025 C. S. Venkatakrishnan, Group Chief Executive, commented “We remain on track to achieve the objectives of our three-year plan, delivering structurally higher and more stable returns for our investors. At the mid-point of the plan, with six quarters of consistent execution, we have achieved over half of the c.£30bn planned UK risk weighted assets (RWAs) growth, half of the target income growth and realised two-thirds of the £2bn planned gross cost efficiency savings. In Q225 we delivered RoTE of 12.3%; year-on-year income grew by 14% and profit before tax by 28%. Earnings per share (EPS) grew by 41% reflecting profit growth and the impact of share buybacks, with tangible net asset value (TNAV) per share growth of 13%. Given strong organic capital generation and common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 14.0%, today we announced a further £1bn share buyback and a half year dividend of 3.0p per share, equating to £1.4bn of total capital distributions in respect of the first half of 2025, a 21% increase year-on-year." • H125 Group statutory RoTE of 13.2%, with EPS improving to 24.7p (H124: 18.6p) – Q225 Group statutory RoTE of 12.3% • Completed the £1bn share buyback announced with FY24 Results. Announced intention to initiate a share buyback of up to £1bn (H124: £750m) and a dividend of 3.0p per share for H125 (H124: 2.9p), on track to deliver progressive increase in total capital returns versus 2024 • Achieved £17bn1 of the c.£30bn planned UK RWA growth, of which £10bn was organic growth • H125 Group loan loss rate (LLR) of 52bps (H124: 45bps), within the through the cycle range of 50-60bps • H125 Group cost: income ratio improved to 58% (H124: 62%) driven by positive operating leverage (FY25 guidance of c.61%) – Delivered c.£350m of gross cost efficiency savings in H125 (FY25 guidance of c.£500m) • Strong balance sheet with CET1 ratio of 14.0% – Taking into account the impact of the £1bn share buyback announced today, the CET1 ratio as of 30 June 2025 would be reduced by c.30bps to 13.7%, in line with the 13-14% target range • TNAV per share of 384p (December 2024: 357p) Key financial metrics:

Income Profit before tax Attributable profit Cost: income ratio LLR RoTE EPS TNAV per share CET1 ratio Total capital return Q225 £7.2bn £2.5bn £1.7bn 59% 44bps 12.3% 11.7p 384p 14.0% £1.4bnH125 £14.9bn £5.2bn £3.5bn 58% 52bps 13.2% 24.7p Q225 Performance highlights: • Group RoTE was 12.3% (Q224: 9.9%) with profit before tax of £2.5bn (Q224: £1.9bn). All divisions delivered doubledigit RoTE in Q225 • Group income of £7.2bn was up 14% year-on-year 2, with Group net interest income (NII) excluding Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office of £3.1bn, up 12% year-on-year – Barclays UK income increased 12%, driven by higher structural hedge income and the Tesco Bank acquisition – Barclays UK Corporate Bank (UKCB) income increased 17%, reflecting higher average deposit and lending balances, and higher structural hedge income – Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management (PBWM) income increased 9%, reflecting higher client balances and transactional activity – Barclays Investment Bank (IB) income increased 10%, driven by Global Markets, partially offset by Investment Banking – Barclays US Consumer Bank (USCB) income was stable, reflecting card balance growth offset by the strengthening of GBP against USD. On a USD basis income was up 7% • Group total operating expenses were £4.2bn, up 5% year-on-year, with a cost: income ratio of 59% (Q224: 63%) – Group operating costs increased 4% to £4.1bn, reflecting Tesco Bank costs, further investment spend and business growth, inflation, partially offset by c.£200m of cost efficiency savings • Credit impairment charges were £0.5bn (Q224: £0.4bn) with an LLR of 44bps (Q224: 38bps), including the impact of Tesco Bank 1 Represents RWAs from business growth across Barclays UK, Private Bank and Wealth Management, and UK Corporate Bank, excludes the effects of securitisations, model updates and other methodological changes. Also excludes additional Operational Risk RWAs related to organic growth. 2 Q224 included a £220m loss on sale of the performing Italian retail mortgage portfolio and a £20m loss on disposal from the German consumer finance business.

Barclays PLC 2

H125 Performance highlights: • Group RoTE was 13.2% (H124: 11.1%) with profit before tax of £5.2bn (H124: £4.2bn) • Group income of £14.9bn was up 12% year-on-year 1 with Group NII excluding Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office of £6.1bn, up 13% year-on-year • Group total operating expenses were £8.6bn, up 5% year-on-year – Group operating costs increased 5% to £8.4bn, reflecting Tesco Bank costs, further investment spend and business growth, inflation and the c.£50m expense for the employee share grant announced at FY24 Results, partially offset by c.£350m of cost efficiency savings • Credit impairment charges were £1.1bn (H124: £0.9bn) with an LLR of 52bps (H124: 45bps) including the impact of Tesco Bank • CET1 ratio of 14.0% (December 2024: 13.6%), with RWAs of £353.0bn (December 2024: £ 358.1bn) and TNAV per share of 384p (December 2024: 357p) Group financial guidance and targets2: 2025 guidance • Returns: RoTE of c.11% • Capital returns: progressive increase in total capital returns versus 2024 • Income: Group NII excluding IB and Head Office of greater than £12.5bn, of which Barclays UK NII of greater than £7.6bn • Costs: Group cost: income ratio of c.61%. This includes total gross efficiency savings of c.£500m in 2025 • Impairment: LLR of 50-60bps through the cycle • Capital: CET1 ratio target range of 13-14% 2026 targets • Returns: RoTE of greater than 12% • Capital returns: plan to return at least £10bn of capital to shareholders between 2024 and 2026, through dividends and share buybacks, with a continued preference for buybacks – Plan to keep total dividend stable at 2023 level in absolute terms, with progressive dividend per share growth driven through share count reduction as a result of increased share buybacks – Dividends will continue to be paid semi-annually – This multi-year plan is subject to supervisory and Board approval, anticipated financial performance and our published CET1 ratio target range of 13-14% • Income: Group total income of c.£30bn • Costs: Group cost: income ratio of high 50s in percentage terms, implying Group total operating expenses of c.£17bn, based on targeted Group total income of c.£30bn. Cost target includes total gross efficiency savings of c.£2bn by 2026 • Impairment: expect an LLR of 50-60bps through the cycle • Capital: CET1 ratio target range of 13-14% – Targeting IB RWAs of c.50% of Group RWAs in 2026 – Impact of regulatory change on RWAs in line with our prior guidance of c.£19-26bn – c.£3-10bn RWAs from Basel 3.1, with implementation expected from 1 January 2027 – c.£16bn RWAs from USCB moving to an Internal Ratings Based (IRB) model, subject to model build and portfolio changes, implementation could be beyond 2026 – 0.1% increase in Pillar 2A from Q125 until model implementation 1 H124 included a £220m loss on sale of the performing Italian retail mortgage portfolio and a £20m loss on disposal from the German consumer finance business. 2 Our targets and guidance are based on management's current expectations as to the macroeconomic environment and the business and may be subject to change.

Barclays PLC 3

Barclays Group results Half year ended Three months ended £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Barclays UK 4,193 3,713 13 2,119 1,887 12 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 1,003 877 14 519 443 17 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 697 632 10 348 320 9 Barclays Investment Bank 7,180 6,347 13 3,307 3,019 10 Barclays US Consumer Bank 1,687 1,678 1 823 819 — Head Office 136 30 71 (164) Total income 14,896 13,277 12 7,187 6,324 14 Operating costs (8,407) (7,997) (5) (4,149) (3,999) (4) UK regulatory levies (96) (120) 20 — — — Litigation and conduct (87) (64) (36) (76) (7) Total operating expenses (8,590) (8,181) (5) (4,225) (4,006) (5) Other net income/(expenses) 9 16 (44) (9) 4 Profit before impairment 6,315 5,112 24 2,953 2,322 27 Credit impairment charges (1,112) (897) (24) (469) (384) (22) Profit before tax 5,203 4,215 23 2,484 1,938 28 Tax charge (1,173) (892) (32) (552) (427) (29) Profit after tax 4,030 3,323 21 1,932 1,511 28 Non-controlling interests (23) (26) 12 (21) (23) 9 Other equity instrument holders (484) (510) 5 (252) (251) — Attributable profit 3,523 2,787 26 1,659 1,237 34 Performance measures Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 13.2% 11.1% 12.3% 9.9% Average tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 53.5 50.1 53.9 49.8 Cost: income ratio 58% 62% 59% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) 52 45 44 38 Basic earnings per ordinary share 24.7p 18.6p 11.7p 8.3p Dividend per share 3.0p 2.9p 3 Share buybacks announced (£m) 1,000 750 33 Total payout equivalent per share c.10.1p c.8.0p 26 Basic weighted average number of shares (m) 14,262 14,972 (5) 14,211 14,915 (5) Period end number of shares (m) 14,180 14,826 (4) Period end tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 54.5 50.4 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet and capital management1 £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances at amortised cost 417.8 414.5 399.5 Loans and advances at amortised cost impairment coverage ratio 1.2% 1.2% 1.4% Total assets 1,598.7 1,518.2 1,576.6 Deposits at amortised cost 564.5 560.7 557.5 Tangible net asset value per share 384p 357p 340p Common equity tier 1 ratio 14.0% 13.6% 13.6% Common equity tier 1 capital 49.5 48.6 47.7 Risk weighted assets 353.0 358.1 351.4 UK leverage ratio 5.0% 5.0% 5.0% UK leverage exposure 1,259.8 1,206.5 1,222.7 Funding and liquidity Group liquidity pool (£bn) 333.7 296.9 328.7 Liquidity coverage ratio2 177.7% 172.4% 167.0% Net stable funding ratio3 135.6% 134.9% 136.4% Loan: deposit ratio 74% 74% 72% 1 Refer to pages 55 to 59 for further information on how capital, RWAs and leverage are calculated. 2 Represents average of the last 12 spot month end ratios. From June 2025, Barclays is prospectively implementing a new methodology for calculating net stress outflows related to secured financing transactions in the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), see page 50 for additional information. 3 Represents average of the last four spot quarter end positions.

Barclays PLC 4

H125 Group performance • Barclays delivered a profit before tax of £5,203m (H124: £4,215m), RoTE of 13.2% (H124: 11.1%) and EPS of 24.7p (H124: 18.6p) • The Group has a diverse income profile across businesses and geographies. The appreciation of average GBP against USD negatively impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Group statutory income increased 12% to £14,896m driven by higher income in Global Markets across FICC and Equities, higher structural hedge income and Tesco Bank income • Group total operating expenses increased to £8,590m (H124: £8,181m) – Group operating costs increased 5% to £8,407m, reflecting Tesco Bank costs, further investment spend and business growth, inflation and the c.£50m expense for the employee share grant announced at FY24 Results, partially offset by c.£350m of cost efficiency savings • Credit impairment charges increased to £1,112m (H124: £897m), primarily driven by the acquisition of Tesco Bank and elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty, including the post model adjustment booked in Q125. Total coverage ratio remains stable at 1.2% (December 2024: 1.2%) • The effective tax rate (ETR) was 22.5% (H124: 21.2%) • Attributable profit was £3,523m (H124: £2,787m) • Total assets increased to £1,598.7bn (December 2024: £ 1,518.2bn), driven by an increase in trading activity in IB and an increase in the liquidity pool from increased wholesale funding. This was partially offset by a reduction in derivative assets and the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • TNAV per share increased to 384p (December 2024: 357p) including EPS of 24.7p and 11p benefit from the cash flow hedging reserve. These were partially offset by a 6p reduction from the FY24 dividend paid during H125 and net negative other reserve movements Group capital and leverage • The CET1 ratio increased by c.50bps to 14.0% (December 2024: 13.6%) as CET1 capital increased by £1.0bn to £49.5bn and RWAs decreased by £5.1bn to £353.0bn: – c.100bps increase from attributable profit – c.50bps decrease driven by shareholder distributions including the completed £1.0bn share buyback announced with FY24 results and an accrual towards the total 2025 dividend – c.20bps increase from other CET1 capital movements, including an increase in the fair value through other comprehensive income reserve – c.10bps decrease as a result of a £3.7bn increase in RWAs, excluding the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily driven by continued lending growth in Barclays UK and UKCB and trading activity in IB, partially offset by the disposal of the German consumer finance business – A £1.6bn decrease in CET1 capital due to a decrease in the currency translation reserve was partially offset by a £8.8bn decrease in RWAs as a result of foreign exchange movements • The UK leverage ratio remained stable at 5.0% (December 2024: 5.0%), as the leverage exposure increased by £53.3bn to £1,259.8bn (December 2024: £1,206.5bn) offset by an increase of £2.2bn in Tier 1 capital. The increase in leverage exposure was largely driven by an increase in trading activity in IB, partially offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD Group funding and liquidity • The liquidity metrics remain well above regulatory requirements, underpinned by well-diversified sources of funding, a stable global deposit franchise and a highly liquid balance sheet • The liquidity pool was £333.7bn, an increase of £36.8bn from December 2024 (£296.9bn). The increase in the liquidity pool was primarily driven by deposit growth across businesses and increased term wholesale funding • The average1 LCR increased to 177.7% (December 2024: 172.4%), equivalent to a surplus of £135.0bn (December 2024: £127.5bn) • Total deposits increased to £564.5bn (December 2024: £560.7bn), primarily driven by customer deposit growth in IB and UKCB • The average 2 Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) was 135.6% (December 2024: 134.9%), which represents a £166.6bn surplus (December 2024: £162.9bn) above the 100% regulatory requirement • Wholesale funding outstanding, excluding repurchase agreements, was £203.5bn (December 2024: £186.0bn) • The Group issued £10.3bn equivalent of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) instruments from Barclays PLC (the Parent company) in H125. The Group has a strong MREL position with a ratio of 35.4%, which is in excess of the regulatory requirement of 30.7% plus a confidential, institution specific, PRA buffer 1 Represents average of the last 12 spot month end ratios. From June 2025, Barclays is prospectively implementing a new methodology for calculating net stress outflows related to secured financing transactions in the liquidity coverage ratio, see page 50 for additional information 2 Represents average of the last four spot quarter end ratios. Barclays PLC 5

Other matters • Disposal of German consumer finance business: In Q125, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC announced the completion of the sale of its German consumer finance business to BAWAG P.S.K., a wholly owned subsidiary of BAWAG Group AG. The sale released c.£3.3bn of RWAs, increasing Barclays’ CET1 ratio by c.10bps in Q125 • Long-term strategic partnership for Payment Acceptance business: On 17 April 2025, Barclays announced it had entered into a long-term strategic partnership with Brookfield Asset Management Ltd to grow and transform Barclays' Payment Acceptance business, previously referred to as the Merchant Acquiring business • UK Financial Conduct Authority (F CA) investigations concerning financial crime systems and controls and compliance with the Money Laundering Regulations: The UK FCA conducted civil enforcement investigations into Barclays Bank PLC’s and Barclays Bank UK PLC’s compliance with the Money Laundering Regulations and the UK FCA’s Principles of Business and Rules relating to anti-money laundering and financial crime systems and controls. The UK FCA's investigation of Barclays Bank PLC focused primarily on the historical oversight and management of a customer with heightened risk. In July 2025, Barclays Bank PLC agreed a settlement for £39m with the UK FCA to resolve the investigation. At the same time, Barclays Bank UK PLC reached a settlement with the UK FCA in a separate investigation concerning the onboarding of a client money account for an UK FCA-regulated firm. Barclays Bank UK PLC reached a monetary settlement for £9m which included a £6m voluntary payment for losses suffered by underlying investors. The UK FCA recognised Barclays’ cooperation in both matters, which are now concluded • Motor finance: There has been no change to Barclays Motor Finance provision in H125. The legal and regulatory outcomes and the nature, extent and timing of any remediation action, if required, remain uncertain and as a result the ultimate financial impact could be materially different to the amount provided, additional details of which are set out in Note 12 Provisions on page 80 and Note 16 Legal, competition and regulatory matters on page 83 Anna Cross, Group Finance Director Barclays PLC 6

Barclays UK Half year ended Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 3,677 3,146 17 1,855 1,597 16 Net fee, commission and other income 516 567 (9) 264 290 (9) Total income 4,193 3,713 13 2,119 1,887 12 Operating costs (2,283) (2,048) (11) (1,168) (1,041) (12) UK regulatory levies (43) (54) 20 — — Litigation and conduct (29) (6) (27) (4) Total operating expenses (2,355) (2,108) (12) (1,195) (1,045) (14) Other net income — — — — #DIV/0! Profit before impairment 1,838 1,605 15 924 842 10 Credit impairment charges (237) (66) (79) (8) Profit before tax 1,601 1,539 4 845 834 1 Attributable profit 1,090 1,063 3 580 584 (1) Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 18.6% 20.4% 19.7% 22.3% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 11.7 10.4 11.8 10.5 Cost: income ratio 56% 57% 56% 55% Loan loss rate (bps) 21 6 14 1 Net interest margin 3.55% 3.15% 3.55% 3.22% Key facts As at 30.06.25 As at 30.06.24 UK mortgage balances (£bn) 166.8 161.1 Mortgage gross lending flow (£bn) 15.4 9.2 Average LTV of mortgage portfolio1 54% 53% Average LTV of new mortgage lending1 70% 63% Number of branches 207 228 Digitally active customers (m)2 13.7 13.2 30 day arrears rate - total UK cards 0.7% 0.8% 90 day arrears rate - total UK cards 0.2% 0.2% As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 211.2 207.7 198.7 Total assets 299.7 299.8 293.0 Customer deposits at amortised cost 241.3 244.2 236.8 Loan: deposit ratio 94% 92% 91% Risk weighted assets 86.1 84.5 76.5 Period end allocated tangible equity 11.8 11.6 10.6 1 Average loan to value (LTV) of mortgages is balance weighted and reflects both residential and buy-to-let (BTL) mortgage portfolios within the Home Loans portfolio. 2 Mobile active customers has been replaced by digitally active customers as a more complete reflection of digital adoption by Barclays UK customers. Excludes Tesco Bank. Barclays PLC 7

During H125 Barclays UK revised its internal reporting structure to align with strategic changes and allocation of resources. As a result, a new business unit of Retail Banking will replace the previously reported sub-segments of Personal Banking and Barclaycard Consumer UK. There is no impact on the overall Barclays UK and Barclays Group consolidated financials. Analysis of Barclays UK Half year ended Three months ended 30.06.25 30.06.24 30.06.25 30.06.24 Analysis of total income £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Personal Banking 2,729 2,302 19 1,381 1,174 18 Barclaycard Consumer UK 443 457 (3) 218 228 (4) Retail Banking1 3,172 2,759 15 1,599 1,402 14 Business Banking 1,021 954 7 520 485 7 Total income 4,193 3,713 13 2,119 1,887 12 Analysis of credit impairment charges Personal Banking (162) (40) (55) (26) Barclaycard Consumer UK (42) (63) 33 (4) (25) 84 Retail Banking1 (204) (103) (98) (59) (51) (16) Business Banking (33) 37 (20) 43 Total credit impairment charges (237) (66) (79) (8) As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost £bn £bn £bn Personal Banking 180.7 177.0 167.3 Barclaycard Consumer UK 11.7 11.0 10.2 Retail Banking1 192.4 188.0 177.5 Business Banking 18.8 19.7 21.2 Total loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 211.2 207.7 198.7 Analysis of customer deposits at amortised cost Personal Banking 189.3 191.4 183.3 Barclaycard Consumer UK — — — Retail Banking1 189.3 191.4 183.3 Business Banking 52.0 52.8 53.5 Total customer deposits at amortised cost 241.3 244.2 236.8 1 Following the completion of the acquisition on 1 November 2024, Tesco Bank is reported in Retail Banking. Barclays PLC 8

Barclays UK delivered a RoTE of 18.6% (H124: 20.4%) supported by robust income, disciplined cost management as Tesco Bank is integrated, and normalising levels of impairment underpinned by strong asset quality. Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Profit before tax increased 4% to £1,601m • Total income increased 13% to £4,193m. NII increased 17% to £3,677m, as continued structural hedge momentum and the impact from the acquisition of Tesco Bank was partially offset by retail deposit dynamics. Net fee, commission and other income decreased 9% to £516m – Retail Banking income increased 15% to £3,172m driven by continued structural hedge momentum and the impact from the acquisition of Tesco Bank, partially offset by retail deposit dynamics – Business Banking income increased 7% to £1,021m driven by continued structural hedge momentum, partially offset by lower government scheme lending as repayments continue and lower deposit volumes • Total operating expenses increased 12% to £2,355m, driven by Tesco Bank run and integration costs, and inflation. Ongoing efficiency savings continue to be reinvested, to drive sustainable improvement to the cost: income ratio • Credit impairment charges were £237m (H124: £66m), underpinned by low UK cards 30 and 90 day arrears rates of 0.7% (H124: 0.8%) and 0.2% (H124: 0.2%) respectively. Total charges are higher than those in H124, which benefitted from an improved macroeconomic outlook; and H125 charges also reflect the impact from the acquisition of Tesco Bank. The UK cards total coverage ratio decreased to 4.5% (December 2024: 4.8%) driven by resilient customer behaviour Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost increased by £3.5 bn to £ 211.2bn, primarily driven by growth in Retail Banking mortgages and cards lending, partially offset by continued repayment of government scheme lending in Business Banking • Customer deposits at amortised cost decreased by £ 2.9bn to £241.3bn, driven by a reduction in Retail Banking deposits and Business Banking current accounts. The loan: deposit ratio remained broadly stable at 94% (December 2024: 92%) • RWAs increased to £86.1bn (December 2024: £84.5bn) primarily due to Retail Banking mortgages and cards lending growth Barclays PLC 9

Barclays UK Corporate Bank Half year ended Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 701 573 22 359 296 21 Net fee, commission, trading and other income 302 304 (1) 160 147 9 Total income 1,003 877 14 519 443 17 Operating costs (474) (456) (4) (240) (235) (2) UK regulatory levies (24) (30) 20 — — Litigation and conduct (39) — (39) — Total operating expenses (537) (486) (10) (279) (235) (19) Other net income — — — — #DIV/0! Profit before impairment 466 391 19 240 208 15 Credit impairment charges (31) (23) (35) (12) (8) (50) Profit before tax 435 368 18 228 200 14 Attributable profit 284 248 15 142 135 5 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 16.8% 16.6% 16.6% 18.0% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.4 3.0 3.4 3.0 Cost: income ratio 54% 55% 54% 53% Loan loss rate (bps) 22 18 17 12 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 27.9 25.4 25.7 Deposits at amortised cost 85.3 83.1 84.9 Risk weighted assets 25.3 23.9 21.9 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.5 3.3 3.0 Half year ended Three months ended 30.06.25 30.06.24 30.06.25 30.06.24 Analysis of total income £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Corporate lending 170 129 32 90 57 58 Transaction banking 833 748 11 429 386 11 Total income 1,003 877 14 519 443 17 UKCB delivered a RoTE of 16.8% (H124: 16.6%), as increased income from higher average deposit and lending balances was offset by a litigation and conduct charge, continued investment and higher RWAs to support future growth ambitions. Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Profit before tax increased 18% to £435m • Total income increased 14% to £1,003m. NII increased 22% to £701m driven by hi gher average deposit and lending balances, and higher structural hedge income. Net fee, commission, trading and other income was stable at £302m • Total operating expenses increased 10% to £537m, primarily driven by a litigation and conduct charge of £ 39m. Operating costs increased 4% to £474m, reflecting higher investment spend to support business growth ambitions, with ongoing efficiency savings offsetting inflationary headwinds • Credit impairment charges were £31m (H124: £23m), reflecting stable underlying credit performance and limited single name charges Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost increased to £27.9bn (December 2024: £25.4bn), reflecting the strategic focus to grow customer lending • Deposits at amortised cost increased to £85.3bn (December 2024: £83.1bn), driven by an inflow of balances from new and existing customers • RWAs increased to £25.3bn (December 2024: £23.9bn), reflecting higher client lending limits and growth in lending balances Barclays PLC 10

Half year ended Three months ended 30.06.25 30.06.24 30.06.25 30.06.24 Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 407 362 12 203 187 9 Net fee, commission and other income 290 270 7 145 133 9 Total income 697 632 10 348 320 9 Operating costs (472) (434) (9) (238) (220) (8) UK regulatory levies (2) (3) 33 — — Litigation and conduct — 1 — 1 Total operating expenses (474) (436) (9) (238) (219) (9) Other net income — — #DIV/0!` — — #DIV/0! Profit before impairment 223 196 14 110 101 9 Credit impairment releases 11 3 2 3 (33) Profit before tax 234 199 18 112 104 8 Attributable profit 184 151 22 88 77 14 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 33.2% 29.7% 31.9% 30.8% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 1.1 1.0 1.1 1.0 Cost: income ratio 68% 69% 68% 68% Loan loss rate (bps) (15) (4) (5) (9) Key facts £bn £bn £bn £bn Net new assets under management1 1.9 1.7 0.9 1.5 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 14.5 14.5 13.9 Deposits at amortised cost 66.7 69.5 64.6 Risk weighted assets 7.9 7.9 7.0 Period end allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.0 Invested assets2 131.9 124.6 119.8 Clients assets and liabilities3 213.4 208.9 198.5 PBWM delivered a RoTE of 33.2% (H124: 29.7%), as strong growth in income due to higher client balances was partially offset by continued investment to support future growth ambitions. Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Profit before tax increased 18% to £234m • Total income increased 10% to £697m, driven by growth in deposit, invested assets and loan balances from net new inflows and market movements, along with higher transactional activity • Total operating expenses increased 9% to £474m, reflecting higher investment spend to support business growth ambitions, with ongoing efficiency savings offsetting inflationary headwinds Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • Client assets and liabilities increased £4.5bn to £213.4bn, driven by growth in invested assets from net new inflows and market movements, partially offset by lower deposits due to outflow of short-term balances, and FX impact • RWAs were stable at £7.9bn (December 2024: £7.9bn) 1 Net new assets under management reflects the net inflows and outflows of client balances within discretionary portfolio management and advisory mandates. It excludes market performance and foreign exchange translation, but includes reinvested dividend payments. 2 Invested assets (held off-balance sheet) represent assets under management and supervision. Uninvested cash held under an investment mandate and reported within customer deposits is excluded from invested assets. 3 Client assets and liabilities refers to customer deposits, lending and invested assets. Barclays PLC 11

Barclays Investment Bank Half year ended Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 631 465 36 334 268 25 Net trading income 4,322 3,467 25 1,906 1,485 28 Net fee, commission and other income 2,227 2,415 (8) 1,067 1,266 (16) Total income 7,180 6,347 13 3,307 3,019 10 Operating costs (3,993) (3,858) (3) (1,932) (1,900) (2) UK regulatory levies (27) (33) 18 — — Litigation and conduct (11) (11) — (8) (3) Total operating expenses (4,031) (3,902) (3) (1,940) (1,903) (2) Other net income — — #DIV/0! — — #DIV/0! Profit before impairment 3,149 2,445 29 1,367 1,116 22 Credit impairment charges (139) (34) (67) (44) (52) Profit before tax 3,010 2,411 25 1,300 1,072 21 Attributable profit 2,075 1,614 29 876 715 23 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 14.2% 10.8% 12.2% 9.6% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 29.2 30.0 28.7 29.9 Cost: income ratio 56% 61% 59% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) 22 6 21 15 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 66.8 69.7 66.6 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 7.1 6.8 6.6 Debt securities at amortised cost 52.4 47.9 41.7 Loans and advances at amortised cost 126.3 124.4 114.9 Trading portfolio assets 186.1 166.1 197.2 Derivative financial instrument assets 279.0 291.6 251.4 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 215.2 190.4 211.7 Cash collateral and settlement balances 145.0 111.1 139.8 Deposits at amortised cost 148.7 140.5 151.3 Derivative financial instrument liabilities 265.1 279.0 241.8 Risk weighted assets 196.4 198.8 203.3 Period end allocated tangible equity 28.7 29.3 29.7 Half year ended Three months ended 30.06.25 30.06.24 30.06.25 30.06.24 Analysis of total income £m £m % Change £m £m % Change FICC 3,149 2,553 23 1,450 1,149 26 Equities 1,833 1,579 16 870 696 25 Global Markets 4,982 4,132 21 2,320 1,845 26 Advisory 266 286 (7) 123 138 (11) Equity capital markets 151 189 (20) 81 121 (33) Debt capital markets 795 821 (3) 364 420 (13) Banking fees and underwriting 1,212 1,296 (6) 568 679 (16) Corporate lending 152 129 18 (4) 87 Transaction banking 834 790 6 423 408 4 International Corporate Bank 986 919 7 419 495 (15) Investment Banking 2,198 2,215 (1) 987 1,174 (16) Total income 7,180 6,347 13 3,307 3,019 10 Barclays PLC 12

IB delivered a RoTE of 14.2% (H124: 10.8%) as progress on strategic ambitions has enabled structurally higher returns, reflecting deepened client relationships, supporting income in a range of environments. Income growth whilst maintaining cost and capital discipline, drove positive operating jaws and improved RWA productivity. Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Profit before tax increased to £3,010m (H124: £2,411m) • IB has a diverse income profile across businesses and geographies. The appreciation of average GBP against USD adversely impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Total income increased 13% to £7,180m, including adverse average FX impacts – Global Markets income increased 21% to £4,982m across FICC and Equities – FICC income increased 23% to £3,149m, reflecting continued support provided to clients through a volatile market environment, including a strong performance in Macro and Credit, and sustained strength in Financing – Equities income increased 16% to £1,833m, (up 26% excluding the prior year £125m fair value gain on Visa B shares in Q124), reflecting growth in Prime and increased volatility and client activity in Derivatives – Investment Banking income decreased 1% to £2,198m – Banking fees and underwriting income decreased 6% to £1,212m, primarily driven by a 20% decline in Equity Capital Markets fees due to a strong prior year comparator, which included fees booked on a large UK rights issue in Q224. Overall Banking fee share was stable at 3.4% in a broadly stable fee pool environment1 – International Corporate Bank income increased 7% to £986m. Corporate lending income increased 18% to £152m due to net gains on fair value lending (c.£50m) 2. Transaction banking income increased 6% to £834m, as higher income from g rowth in deposit balances was partially offset by margin compression due to change in deposits product mix • Total operating expenses increased 3% to £4,031m, driven by the impact of inflationary headwinds and higher performance costs, partially offset by efficiency savings and FX • Credit impairment charges were £ 139m (H124: £ 34m), primarily driven by elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty, including the post model adjustment booked in Q125 and single name charges including the benefit of credit protection Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • Loans and advances at amortised costs increased £1.9bn to £ 126.3bn (December 2024: £ 124.4bn), driven by increased investment in debt securities in treasury, partially offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • Trading portfolio assets increased £ 20.0bn to £ 186.1bn (December 2024: £ 166.1bn), driven by increased trading activity in debt securities to facilitate client demand in Global Markets, partially offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • Financial assets at fair value through the income statement increased £ 24.8bn to £ 215.2bn (December 2024: £190.4bn), driven by increased secured lending, partially offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • Derivative assets decreased £12.6bn to £ 279.0bn (December 2024: £ 291.6bn) and liabilities decreased £13.9bn to £265.1bn (December 2024: £ 279.0bn, primarily driven by a reduction in mark-to-market on FX derivatives and strengthening of spot GBP against USD, partially offset by an increase in equity derivatives • Deposits at amortised cost increased £ 8.2bn to £ 148.7bn (December 2024: £ 140.5bn), driven by growth in deposits across International Corporate Bank and Treasury • RWAs decreased to £196.4bn (December 2024: £ 198.8bn) mainly driven by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD, partially offset by higher client and trading activity as we continued to support clients through a period of volatility 1 Data source: Dealogic as at 30 June 2025. 2 Q125 included c.£105m of fair value gains on leverage finance lending. Q225 included c.£55m of fair value losses on lending. Barclays PLC 13

Barclays US Consumer Bank Half year ended Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 1,318 1,334 (1) 640 646 (1) Net fee, commission and other income 369 344 7 183 173 6 Total income 1,687 1,678 1 823 819 — Operating costs (803) (796) (1) (396) (408) 3 UK regulatory levies — — #DIV/0! — — #DIV/0! Litigation and conduct (3) (4) 25 — (2) Total operating expenses (806) (800) (1) (396) (410) 3 Other net income — — #DIV/0! — — #DIV/0! Profit before impairment 881 878 — 427 409 4 Credit impairment charges (711) (719) 1 (312) (309) (1) Profit before tax 170 159 7 115 100 15 Attributable profit 128 119 8 87 75 16 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 7.3% 7.2% 10.2% 9.2% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.5 3.3 3.4 3.3 Cost: income ratio 48% 48% 48% 50% Loan loss rate (bps) 523 509 456 438 Net interest margin 10.68% 10.78% 10.83% 10.43% Key facts US cards 30 day arrears rate 2.8% 2.9% US cards 90 days arrears rate 1.6% 1.6% US cards customer FICO score distribution <660 12% 12% >660 88% 88% End net receivables (reported) ($bn) 32.9 31.2 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 18.2 20.0 24.3 Deposits at amortised cost 22.5 23.3 20.0 Risk weighted assets 24.7 26.8 24.4 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.4 3.7 3.3 Barclays PLC 14

USCB delivered a RoTE of 7.3% (H124: 7.2%), as increased income from business growth and broadly stable delinquencies was partially offset by higher costs, including partner related expenses. Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Profit before tax was £170m (H124: £159m) • The 3% appreciation of average GBP against USD adversely impacted income and profits, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and total operating expenses • Total income increased 1% to £1,687m, driven by business growth and increased purchase activity, partially offset by FX. NII is broadly stable at £1,318m including business growth. Net fee, commission and other income increased 7% to £369m driven by purchases and fee growth • Total operating expenses increased 1% to £806m, driven by partner related expenses, partially offset by FX, with ongoing efficiency savings offsetting inflationary headwinds • Credit impairment charges were £711m (H124: £719m), informed by broadly stable delinquencies in US cards and elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty, including the post model adjustment booked in Q125. US cards 30 and 90 day arrears were 2.8% 1 (H124: 2.9%) and 1.6% 1 (H124: 1.6%) respectively. The USCB total coverage ratio was 11.6% (December 2024: 11.4%) Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost reduced to £18.2bn (December 2024: £ 20.0bn), reflecting seasonality and the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • Deposits at amortised cost decreased to £22.5bn (December 2024: £23.3bn), with growth in retail savings which is in line with USCB's ambition to grow core deposits, more than offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD • RWAs decreased to £ 24.7bn (December 2024: £ 26.8bn), driven by seasonality and the strengthening of spot GBP against USD 1 Including a co-branded cards portfolio classified as assets held for sale. Barclays PLC 15

Head Office Half year ended Three months ended Income statement information £m £m % Change £m £m % Change Net interest income 288 248 16 114 62 84 Net fee, commission and other income (152) (218) 30 (43) (226) 81 Total income 136 30 71 (164) Operating costs (382) (406) 6 (175) (195) 10 UK regulatory levies — — — — #DIV/0! Litigation and conduct (5) (43) 88 (2) 1 Total operating expenses (387) (449) 14 (177) (194) 9 Other net income/(expenses) 9 16 (44) (9) 4 Loss before impairment (242) (403) 40 (115) (354) 68 Credit impairment charges (5) (58) 91 (1) (18) 94 Loss before tax (247) (461) 46 (116) (372) 69 Attributable loss (238) (408) 42 (114) (349) 67 Performance measures Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 4.6 2.4 5.5 2.1 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn Risk weighted assets 12.6 16.2 18.3 Period end allocated tangible equity 5.9 2.4 2.7 Income statement - H125 compared to H124 • Loss before tax was £247m (H124: £461m) • Total income increased to £136m (H124: £30m), primarily from the non-recurrence of the prior year loss on sale of the performing Italian retail mortgage portfolio, partially offset by the impact of the disposal of the German consumer finance business in Q125 • Total operating expenses decreased to £387m (H124: £449m), primarily from lower litigation and conduct charges and the impact of the disposal of the German consumer finance business in Q125, partially offset by the c.£50m expense for the employee share grant announced at FY24 Results • Credit impairment charges decreased to £5m (H124: £58m), driven by the disposal of the German consumer finance business in Q125 and the disposal of the Italian mortgage portfolios in FY24 Balance sheet - 30 June 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 • RWAs decreased to £12.6bn (December 2024: £16.2bn), primarily driven by the disposal of the German consumer finance business Barclays PLC 16

Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 3,505 3,517 3,500 3,308 3,056 3,072 3,139 3,247 Net fee, commission and other income 3,682 4,192 3,464 3,239 3,268 3,881 2,459 3,011 Total income 7,187 7,709 6,964 6,547 6,324 6,953 5,598 6,258 Operating costs (4,149) (4,258) (4,244) (3,954) (3,999) (3,998) (4,735) (3,949) UK regulatory levies — (96) (227) 27 — (120) (180) — Litigation and conduct (76) (11) (121) (35) (7) (57) (5) — Total operating expenses (4,225) (4,365) (4,592) (3,962) (4,006) (4,175) (4,920) (3,949) Other net (expenses)/income (9) 18 — 21 4 12 (16) 9 Profit before impairment 2,953 3,362 2,372 2,606 2,322 2,790 662 2,318 Credit impairment charges (469) (643) (711) (374) (384) (513) (552) (433) Profit before tax 2,484 2,719 1,661 2,232 1,938 2,277 110 1,885 Tax (charges)/credit (552) (621) (448) (412) (427) (465) 23 (343) Profit after tax 1,932 2,098 1,213 1,820 1,511 1,812 133 1,542 Non-controlling interests (21) (2) (20) (3) (23) (3) (25) (9) Other equity instrument holders (252) (232) (228) (253) (251) (259) (219) (259) Attributable profit/(loss) 1,659 1,864 965 1,564 1,237 1,550 (111) 1,274 Performance measures Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 12.3% 14.0% 7.5% 12.3% 9.9% 12.3% (0.9)% 11.0% Average tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 53.9 53.1 51.5 51.0 49.8 50.5 48.9 46.5 Cost: income ratio 59% 57% 66% 61% 63% 60% 88% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) 44 61 66 37 38 51 54 42 Basic earnings per ordinary share 11.7p 13.0p 6.7p 10.7p 8.3p 10.3p (0.7)p 8.3p Basic weighted average number of shares (m) 14,211 14,314 14,432 14,648 14,915 14,983 15,092 15,405 Period end number of shares (m) 14,180 14,336 14,420 14,571 14,826 15,091 15,155 15,239 Period end tangible shareholders' equity (£bn) 54.5 53.4 51.5 51.1 50.4 50.6 50.2 48.2 Balance sheet and capital management1 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 339.2 338.6 337.9 326.5 329.8 332.1 333.3 339.6 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 8.7 9.4 8.3 8.1 8.0 8.5 9.5 11.5 Debt securities at amortised cost 69.9 71.4 68.2 64.6 61.7 57.4 56.7 54.3 Loans and advances at amortised cost 417.8 419.4 414.5 399.2 399.5 397.9 399.5 405.4 Loans and advances at amortised cost impairment coverage ratio 1.2% 1.2% 1.2% 1.3% 1.4% 1.4% 1.4% 1.4% Total assets 1,598.7 1,593.5 1,518.2 1,531.1 1,576.6 1,577.1 1,477.5 1,591.7 Deposits at amortised cost 564.5 574.3 560.7 542.8 557.5 552.3 538.8 561.3 Tangible net asset value per share 384p 372p 357p 351p 340p 335p 331p 316p Common equity tier 1 ratio 14.0% 13.9% 13.6% 13.8% 13.6% 13.5% 13.8% 14.0% Common equity tier 1 capital 49.5 48.8 48.6 47.0 47.7 47.1 47.3 48.0 Risk weighted assets 353.0 351.3 358.1 340.4 351.4 349.6 342.7 341.9 UK leverage ratio 5.0% 5.0% 5.0% 4.9% 5.0% 4.9% 5.2% 5.0% UK leverage exposure 1,259.8 1,252.8 1,206.5 1,197.4 1,222.7 1,226.5 1,168.3 1,202.4 Funding and liquidity Group liquidity pool (£bn) 333.7 336.3 296.9 311.7 328.7 323.5 298.1 335.0 Liquidity coverage ratio 177.7% 175.3% 172.4% 170.1% 167.0% 163.2% 161.4% 158.7% Net stable funding ratio 135.6% 136.2% 134.9% 135.6% 136.4% 135.7% 138.0% 138.2% Loan: deposit ratio 74% 73% 74% 74% 72% 72% 74% 72% 1 Refer to pages 55 to 59 for further information on how capital, RWAs and leverage are calculated. Quarterly Results Summary Barclays PLC 17

Barclays UK Q225 Q125 Q4241 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 1,855 1,822 1,815 1,666 1,597 1,549 1,575 1,578 Net fee, commission and other income 264 252 800 280 290 277 217 295 Total income 2,119 2,074 2,615 1,946 1,887 1,826 1,792 1,873 Operating costs (1,168) (1,115) (1,170) (1,017) (1,041) (1,007) (1,153) (1,058) UK regulatory levies — (43) (36) 12 — (54) (30) — Litigation and conduct (27) (2) (9) (1) (4) (2) (4) 9 Total operating expenses (1,195) (1,160) (1,215) (1,006) (1,045) (1,063) (1,187) (1,049) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 924 914 1,400 940 842 763 605 824 Credit impairment charges (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) (58) (37) (59) Profit before tax 845 756 1,117 924 834 705 568 765 Attributable profit 580 510 781 621 584 479 382 531 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 211.2 209.6 207.7 199.3 198.7 200.8 202.8 204.9 Customer deposits at amortised cost 241.3 243.1 244.2 236.3 236.8 237.2 241.1 243.2 Loan: deposit ratio 94% 93% 92% 92% 91% 92% 92% 92% Risk weighted assets 86.1 85.0 84.5 77.5 76.5 76.5 73.5 73.2 Period end allocated tangible equity 11.8 11.8 11.6 10.7 10.6 10.7 10.2 10.1 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.7% 17.4% 28.0% 23.4% 22.3% 18.5% 14.9% 21.0% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 11.8 11.7 11.2 10.6 10.5 10.4 10.2 10.1 Cost: income ratio 56% 56% 46% 52% 55% 58% 66% 56% Loan loss rate (bps) 14 28 49 3 1 11 7 10 Net interest margin 3.55% 3.55% 3.53% 3.34% 3.22% 3.09% 3.07% 3.04% 1 Q424 includes the Day 1 impacts from the acquisition of Tesco Bank: total Income includes a £556m gain, and credit impairment charges includes a £209m charge. Barclays PLC 18

Analysis of Barclays UK Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Personal Banking 1,381 1,348 1,847 1,184 1,174 1,128 1,067 1,165 Barclaycard Consumer UK 218 225 231 249 228 229 242 238 Retail Banking1 1,599 1,573 2,078 1,433 1,402 1,357 1,309 1,403 Business Banking 520 501 537 513 485 469 483 470 Total income 2,119 2,074 2,615 1,946 1,887 1,826 1,792 1,873 Analysis of credit impairment (charges)/releases Personal Banking (55) (107) (244) 3 (26) (14) 35 (85) Barclaycard Consumer UK (4) (38) (35) (15) (25) (38) (73) 29 Retail Banking1 (59) (145) (279) (12) (51) (52) (38) (56) Business Banking (20) (13) (4) (4) 43 (6) 1 (3) Total credit impairment charges (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) (58) (37) (59) Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Personal Banking 180.7 179.3 177.0 168.1 167.3 169.0 170.1 172.3 Barclaycard Consumer UK 11.7 11.1 11.0 10.6 10.2 9.8 9.7 9.6 Retail Banking1 192.4 190.4 188.0 178.7 177.5 178.8 179.8 181.9 Business Banking 18.8 19.2 19.7 20.6 21.2 22.0 23.0 23.0 Total loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 211.2 209.6 207.7 199.3 198.7 200.8 202.8 204.9 Analysis of customer deposits at amortised cost Personal Banking 189.3 190.8 191.4 182.9 183.3 183.4 185.4 186.1 Barclaycard Consumer UK — — — — — — — — Retail Banking1 189.3 190.8 191.4 182.9 183.3 183.4 185.4 186.1 Business Banking 52.0 52.3 52.8 53.4 53.5 53.8 55.7 57.1 Total customer deposits at amortised cost 241.3 243.1 244.2 236.3 236.8 237.2 241.1 243.2 1 Following the completion of the acquisition on 1 November 2024, Tesco Bank is reported in Retail Banking. Barclays PLC 19

Barclays UK Corporate Bank Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 359 342 324 309 296 277 247 304 Net fee, commission, trading and other income 160 142 134 136 147 157 148 136 Total income 519 484 458 445 443 434 395 440 Operating costs (240) (234) (250) (229) (235) (221) (258) (224) UK regulatory levies — (24) (14) 7 — (30) (8) — Litigation and conduct (39) — (1) — — — (1) 2 Total operating expenses (279) (258) (265) (222) (235) (251) (267) (222) Other net expenses — — — — — — (5) — Profit before impairment 240 226 193 223 208 183 123 218 Credit impairment charges (12) (19) (40) (13) (8) (15) (18) (15) Profit before tax 228 207 153 210 200 168 105 203 Attributable profit 142 142 98 144 135 113 59 129 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 27.9 26.7 25.4 24.8 25.7 25.7 26.4 26.9 Deposits at amortised cost 85.3 85.3 83.1 82.3 84.9 81.7 84.9 82.7 Risk weighted assets 25.3 24.2 23.9 22.1 21.9 21.4 20.9 19.5 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 2.8 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 16.6% 17.1% 12.3% 18.8% 18.0% 15.2% 8.4% 18.3% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 3.0 2.8 2.8 Cost: income ratio 54% 53% 58% 50% 53% 58% 68% 50% Loan loss rate (bps) 17 28 62 21 12 23 27 21 Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Corporate lending 90 80 71 67 57 72 64 69 Transaction banking 429 404 387 378 386 362 331 371 Total income 519 484 458 445 443 434 395 440 Barclays PLC 20

Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 203 204 216 189 187 175 182 219 Net fee, commission and other income 145 145 135 137 133 137 131 118 Total income 348 349 351 326 320 312 313 337 Operating costs (238) (234) (255) (222) (220) (214) (255) (214) UK regulatory levies — (2) (7) 1 — (3) (4) — Litigation and conduct — — (1) — 1 — 2 — Total operating expenses (238) (236) (263) (221) (219) (217) (257) (214) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 110 113 88 105 101 95 56 123 Credit impairment releases/(charges) 2 9 (2) (7) 3 — 4 2 Profit before tax 112 122 86 98 104 95 60 125 Attributable profit 88 96 63 74 77 74 47 102 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 14.5 14.5 14.5 14.0 13.9 13.7 13.6 13.4 Deposits at amortised cost 66.7 73.1 69.5 64.8 64.6 61.9 60.3 59.7 Risk weighted assets 7.9 8.0 7.9 7.3 7.0 7.2 7.2 7.2 Period end allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 Client assets and liabilities1 213.4 212.4 208.9 201.5 198.5 189.1 182.9 178.7 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 31.9% 34.5% 23.9% 29.0% 30.8% 28.7% 19.1% 41.2% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 Cost: income ratio 68% 68% 75% 68% 68% 70% 82% 63% Loan loss rate (bps) (5) (25) 5 19 (9) — (10) (7) 1 Client assets and liabilities refers to customer deposits, lending and invested assets. Barclays PLC 21

Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 334 297 284 282 268 197 282 397 Net trading income 1,906 2,416 1,262 1,512 1,485 1,982 757 1,497 Net fee, commission and other income 1,067 1,160 1,061 1,057 1,266 1,149 998 792 Total income 3,307 3,873 2,607 2,851 3,019 3,328 2,037 2,686 Operating costs (1,932) (2,061) (1,903) (1,906) (1,900) (1,957) (1,934) (1,840) UK regulatory levies — (27) (161) 7 — (33) (123) — Litigation and conduct (8) (3) (26) (17) (3) (9) (2) 6 Total operating expenses (1,940) (2,091) (2,090) (1,916) (1,903) (1,999) (2,059) (1,834) Other net (expenses)/income — — — — — — (1) 2 Profit/(loss) before impairment 1,367 1,782 517 935 1,116 1,329 (23) 854 Credit impairment (charges)/releases (67) (72) (46) (43) (44) 10 (23) 23 Profit/(loss) before tax 1,300 1,710 471 892 1,072 1,339 (46) 877 Attributable profit/(loss) 876 1,199 247 652 715 899 (149) 580 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 66.8 68.6 69.7 64.5 66.6 64.6 62.7 62.3 Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost 7.1 7.4 6.8 6.7 6.6 7.6 7.3 9.5 Debt securities at amortised cost 52.4 53.1 47.9 44.8 41.7 40.4 38.9 36.3 Loans and advances at amortised cost 126.3 129.1 124.4 116.0 114.9 112.6 108.9 108.1 Trading portfolio assets 186.1 185.5 166.1 185.8 197.2 195.3 174.5 155.3 Derivative financial instrument assets 279.0 253.6 291.6 256.7 251.4 248.9 255.1 280.4 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 215.2 209.5 190.4 210.8 211.7 225.1 202.5 237.2 Cash collateral and settlement balances 145.0 148.8 111.1 134.7 139.8 129.8 102.3 134.6 Deposits at amortised cost 148.7 148.9 140.5 139.8 151.3 151.1 132.7 154.2 Derivative financial instrument liabilities 265.1 245.1 279.0 249.4 241.8 241.5 249.7 268.3 Risk weighted assets 196.4 195.9 198.8 194.2 203.3 200.4 197.3 201.1 Period end allocated tangible equity 28.7 28.9 29.3 28.4 29.7 29.6 29.0 29.0 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 12.2% 16.2 % 3.4 % 8.8 % 9.6% 12.0 % (2.1)% 8.0% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 30.0 28.9 28.8 Cost: income ratio 59% 54% 80% 67% 63% 60% 101% 68% Loan loss rate (bps) 21 23 15 15 15 (4) 8 (8) Analysis of total income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m FICC 1,450 1,699 934 1,180 1,149 1,404 724 1,147 Equities 870 963 604 692 696 883 431 675 Global Markets 2,320 2,662 1,538 1,872 1,845 2,287 1,155 1,822 Advisory 123 143 189 186 138 148 171 80 Equity capital markets 81 70 98 64 121 68 38 62 Debt capital markets 364 431 327 344 420 401 301 233 Banking Fees and Underwriting 568 644 614 594 679 617 510 375 Corporate lending (4) 156 45 (21) 87 42 (23) 103 Transaction banking 423 411 410 406 408 382 395 386 International Corporate Banking 419 567 455 385 495 424 372 489 Investment Banking 987 1,211 1,069 979 1,174 1,041 882 864 Total income 3,307 3,873 2,607 2,851 3,019 3,328 2,037 2,686 Barclays PLC 22

Barclays US Consumer Bank Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 640 678 678 647 646 688 686 662 Net fee, commission, trading and other income 183 186 179 144 173 171 180 147 Total income 823 864 857 791 819 859 866 809 Operating costs (396) (407) (433) (384) (408) (387) (418) (404) UK regulatory levies — — — — — — — — Litigation and conduct — (3) — (9) (2) (3) (2) — Total operating expenses (396) (410) (433) (393) (410) (390) (420) (404) Other net income — — — — — — — — Profit before impairment 427 454 424 398 409 469 446 405 Credit impairment charges (312) (399) (298) (276) (309) (410) (449) (404) Profit/(loss) before tax 115 55 126 122 100 59 (3) 1 Attributable profit/(loss) 87 41 94 89 75 44 (3) 3 Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 18.2 18.8 20.0 23.2 24.3 23.6 24.2 24.3 Deposits at amortised cost 22.5 23.8 23.3 19.4 20.0 20.3 19.7 19.3 Risk weighted assets 24.7 25.6 26.8 23.2 24.4 23.9 24.8 24.1 Period end allocated tangible equity 3.4 3.5 3.7 3.2 3.3 3.3 3.4 3.3 Performance measures Return on average allocated tangible equity 10.2% 4.5% 11.2% 10.9% 9.2% 5.3% (0.3)% 0.4% Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 3.4 3.6 3.4 3.3 3.3 3.3 3.3 3.1 Cost: income ratio 48% 47% 51% 50% 50% 46% 48% 50% Loan loss rate (bps)1 456 562 395 411 438 610 636 582 Net interest margin 10.83% 10.53% 10.66% 10.38% 10.43% 11.12% 10.88% 10.88%

1 LLR includes held for sale portfolios to remain consistent with the treatment of impairment. Barclays PLC 23

Head Office Income statement information £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 114 174 183 215 62 186 167 87 Net fee, commission and other income (43) (109) (107) (27) (226) 8 28 26 Total income 71 65 76 188 (164) 194 195 113 Operating costs (175) (207) (233) (197) (195) (211) (717) (210) UK regulatory levies — — (9) — — — (14) — Litigation and conduct (2) (3) (84) (7) 1 (44) 1 (16) Total operating expenses (177) (210) (326) (204) (194) (255) (730) (226) Other net (expenses)/income (9) 18 — 21 4 12 (10) 7 (Loss)/profit before impairment (115) (127) (250) 5 (354) (49) (545) (106) Credit impairment (charges)/releases (1) (4) (42) (19) (18) (40) (29) 20 Loss before tax (116) (131) (292) (14) (372) (89) (574) (86) Attributable loss (114) (124) (318) (16) (349) (59) (447) (71) Balance sheet information £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Risk weighted assets 12.6 12.7 16.2 16.1 18.3 20.2 19.0 16.8 Period end allocated tangible equity 5.9 4.7 2.4 4.9 2.7 3.0 3.6 2.0 Performance measures Average allocated tangible equity (£bn) 5.5 3.8 3.4 3.5 2.1 2.8 2.7 0.7 Barclays PLC 24

Margins and balances Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Net interest income Average customer assets Net interest margin Net interest income Average customer assets Net interest margin £m £m % £m £m % Barclays UK 3,677 208,977 3.55 3,146 200,599 3.15 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 701 25,044 5.64 573 22,454 5.13 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 407 14,701 5.58 362 13,762 5.29 Barclays US Consumer Bank1 1,318 24,897 10.68 1,334 24,890 10.78 Group excluding IB and Head Office1 6,103 273,619 4.50 5,415 261,705 4.16 Barclays Investment Bank 631 465 Head Office 288 248 Barclays Group Net interest income 7,022 6,128 The Group excluding IB and Head Office Net interest margin increased by 34bps from 4.16% in H124 to 4.50% in H125, due to continued structural hedge momentum, and the impact from the acquisition of Tesco Bank, partially offset by retail deposit dynamics. Quarterly analysis Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Net interest income £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 1,855 1,822 1,815 1,666 1,597 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 359 342 324 309 296 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 203 204 216 189 187 Barclays US Consumer Bank 640 678 678 647 646 Group excluding IB and Head Office 3,057 3,046 3,033 2,811 2,726 Average customer assets £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 209,649 208,305 204,793 198,616 199,529 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 25,478 24,605 23,450 23,049 22,474 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 14,729 14,674 14,381 14,061 13,931 Barclays US Consumer Bank1 23,713 26,106 25,314 24,798 24,899 Group excluding IB and Head Office 273,569 273,690 267,938 260,524 260,833 Net interest margin % % % % % Barclays UK 3.55 3.55 3.53 3.34 3.22 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 5.65 5.64 5.50 5.33 5.30 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 5.53 5.64 5.98 5.35 5.40 Barclays US Consumer Bank 10.83 10.53 10.66 10.38 10.43 Group excluding IB and Head Office 4.48 4.51 4.50 4.29 4.20 1 Includes average customer asset balances classified as held for sale. Barclays PLC 25

Structural hedge The Group employs a structural hedge programme designed to stabilise NIM on fixed rate non-maturity balance sheet items that are behaviourally stable. As interest rates move, such balances would otherwise drive material income volatility where there is a re-pricing mismatch with floating rate assets. The structural hedge predominantly covers non-interest-bearing current accounts and the fixed portion of instant access savings accounts as well as equity, which are invested into either floating rate customer assets or balances at central banks, creating an exposure to changes in interest rates. The structural hedge is executed via a portfolio of receive-fixed, pay variable interest rate swaps, with an amortising structure so that a small portion matures and is reinvested each month at prevailing market rates. The pay-floating leg of the interest rate swaps nets down a proportion of the receive-floating income from the customer assets, leaving a receive-fixed income stream from the structural hedge. The purpose of the structural hedge is to smooth the Group NII through time. The floating leg of the swap will re-price immediately, whereas the fixed rate yield on the portfolio reprices gradually, as a portion of the swap portfolio matures and the roll is re-invested onto new market rates. When interest rates are higher than our structural hedge yield, the pay-floating rate will typically be higher than our average receive-fixed rate. In this scenario, when viewed in isolation, the structural hedge will be a net drag to Group NII. When floating rates are lower than our structural hedge yield, the hedge in isolation will be a net benefit. Since the receive-fixed swaps are booked for a specific term, an element of NII is ‘locked in’. The income stabilising feature of the structural hedge provides greater net interest income certainty through the interest rate cycle. The structural hedge is one component of a larger portfolio of interest rate risk management activities that includes nonstructural hedging (e.g. pay-fixed and receive-variable flows for asset hedging), and other offsetting flows. The net risk of these positions is executed externally through interest rate swaps and managed for accounting risk (i.e. income volatility arising from the accounting mismatch of swaps at fair value through profit and loss and underlying hedged items at amortised cost) within the cash flow hedge reserve. Overall the Group has external derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that hedge interest rate risk with a notional £112.5bn (December 2024: £105.6bn) which reflects the structural hedge notional of £232.4bn (December 2024: £232.3bn) netted with non-structural hedging positions of £ 119.9bn (December 2024: £ 126.7bn). The majority of these interest rate swaps are cleared with Central Clearing Counterparties and margined daily with an average structural hedge duration of 3 years. Gross structural hedge contributions were £ 2,778m (H124: £ 2,222m). Gross structural hedge contributions represent the absolute interest income earned on the fixed legs of the swaps in the structural hedge as the floating leg is offset by the base rate funding of the deposits. Barclays PLC 26

Risk management and principal risks The roles and responsibilities across the Group, including Risk and Compliance, in the management of risk are defined in the Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF). The purpose of the ERMF is to identify the principal risks of the Group, the process by which the Group sets its appetite for these risks in its business activities, and the consequent limits which it places on related risk taking. The ERMF identifies ten principal risks: credit risk, market risk, treasury and capital risk, climate risk, operational risk, model risk, compliance risk, financial crime risk, reputation risk and legal risk. Further detail on these principal risks and material existing and emerging risks and how such risks are managed is available in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024, which can be accessed at home.barclays/annualreport. There have been no significant changes to these principal risks or previously identified material existing and emerging risks in the period and these risks are expected to be relevant for the remaining six months of this year. The following sections give an overview of credit risk, market risk, and treasury and capital risk for the period. Risk Management Barclays PLC 27

Loans and advances at amortised cost by geography Total loans and advances at amortised cost in the credit risk section includes loans and advances at amortised cost to banks and loans and advances at amortised cost to customers. The table below presents a product and geographical breakdown of loans and advances at amortised cost and the impairment allowance by stage; and includes purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) balances. POCI balances represent a fixed pool of assets purchased at a deep discount to face value reflecting credit losses incurred from the point of origination to date of acquisition. The table also presents stage allocation of debt securities and off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The i mpairment allowance under IFRS 9 considers both the drawn and the undrawn counterparty exposure. For retail portfolios, the total impairment allowance is allocated to gross loans and advances to the extent allowance does not exceed the drawn exposure and any excess is reported on the liabilities side of the balance sheet as a provision. For wholesale portfolios, impairment allowance on undrawn exposure is reported on the liability side of the balance sheet as a provision. . Gross exposure Impairment allowance Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 151,153 17,151 1,721 — 170,025 35 59 64 — 158 Retail credit cards 13,793 2,401 233 28 16,455 160 441 136 — 737 Retail other 10,001 1,433 272 14 11,720 99 151 182 — 432 Corporate loans1 53,565 7,247 1,723 — 62,535 135 215 418 — 768 Total UK 228,512 28,232 3,949 42 260,735 429 866 800 — 2,095 Retail mortgages 1,708 74 163 — 1,945 2 — 20 — 22 Retail credit cards 15,975 2,663 1,615 — 20,253 297 751 1,323 — 2,371 Retail other 2,244 167 130 — 2,541 4 2 17 — 23 Corporate loans 62,334 3,704 1,262 — 67,300 81 141 213 — 435 Total Rest of the World 82,261 6,608 3,170 — 92,039 384 894 1,573 — 2,851 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 310,773 34,840 7,119 42 352,774 813 1,760 2,373 — 4,946 Debt securities at amortised cost 69,252 708 — — 69,960 12 12 — — 24 Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 380,025 35,548 7,119 42 422,734 825 1,772 2,373 — 4,970 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 398,675 17,054 943 5 416,677 164 239 22 — 425 Total3,4 778,700 52,602 8,062 47 839,411 989 2,011 2,395 — 5,395 Net exposure Coverage ratio Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m % % % % % Retail mortgages 151,118 17,092 1,657 — 169,867 — 0.3 3.7 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 13,633 1,960 97 28 15,718 1.2 18.4 58.4 — 4.5 Retail other 9,902 1,282 90 14 11,288 1.0 10.5 66.9 — 3.7 Corporate loans1 53,430 7,032 1,305 — 61,767 0.3 3.0 24.3 — 1.2 Total UK 228,083 27,366 3,149 42 258,640 0.2 3.1 20.3 — 0.8 Retail mortgages 1,706 74 143 — 1,923 0.1 — 12.3 — 1.1 Retail credit cards 15,678 1,912 292 — 17,882 1.9 28.2 81.9 — 11.7 Retail other 2,240 165 113 — 2,518 0.2 1.2 13.1 — 0.9 Corporate loans 62,253 3,563 1,049 — 66,865 0.1 3.8 16.9 — 0.6 Total Rest of the World 81,877 5,714 1,597 — 89,188 0.5 13.5 49.6 — 3.1 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 309,960 33,080 4,746 42 347,828 0.3 5.1 33.3 — 1.4 Debt securities at amortised cost 69,240 696 — — 69,936 — 1.7 — — — Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 379,200 33,776 4,746 42 417,764 0.2 5.0 33.3 — 1.2 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 398,511 16,815 921 5 416,252 — 1.4 2.3 — 0.1 Total3,4 777,711 50,591 5,667 47 834,016 0.1 3.8 29.7 — 0.6 1 Includes Business Banking, which has a gross exposure of £ 12.7bn and an impairment allowance of £346m. This comprises £61m impairment allowance on £8.8bn Stage 1 exposure, £62m on £2.8bn Stage 2 exposure and £223m on £1.1bn Stage 3 exposure. Excluding this, total coverage for corporate loans in UK is 0.8%. 2 Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £18.8bn carried at fair value. 3 Other financial assets subject to impairment excluded in the table above include cash collateral and settlement balances, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £239.2bn and an impairment allowance of £150m. This comprises £23m impairment allowance on £ 238.2bn Stage 1 exposure, £4m on £0.9bn Stage 2 exposure and £123m on £128m Stage 3 exposure. 4 The annualised loan loss rate is 52bps after applying the total impairment charge of £1,112m. Barclays PLC 28

Gross exposure Impairment allowance Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 145,039 19,507 1,793 — 166,339 36 61 61 — 158 Retail credit cards 13,497 2,064 179 40 15,780 219 440 91 — 750 Retail other 10,606 1,218 257 17 12,098 135 110 138 — 383 Corporate loans1 52,284 7,266 2,171 — 61,721 133 196 420 — 749 Total UK 221,426 30,055 4,400 57 255,938 523 807 710 — 2,040 Retail mortgages 1,651 89 169 — 1,909 2 1 26 — 29 Retail credit cards 17,629 2,953 1,724 — 22,306 334 807 1,416 — 2,557 Retail other 1,844 155 121 — 2,120 3 1 23 — 27 Corporate loans 64,224 3,901 945 — 69,070 76 135 206 — 417 Total Rest of the World 85,348 7,098 2,959 — 95,405 415 944 1,671 — 3,030 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 306,774 37,153 7,359 57 351,343 938 1,751 2,381 — 5,070 Debt securities at amortised cost 64,988 3,245 — — 68,233 12 11 — — 23 Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 371,762 40,398 7,359 57 419,576 950 1,762 2,381 — 5,093 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 412,255 18,728 1,168 6 432,157 164 250 25 — 439 Total3,4 784,017 59,126 8,527 63 851,733 1,114 2,012 2,406 — 5,532 Net exposure Coverage ratio Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m £m £m % % % % % Retail mortgages 145,003 19,446 1,732 — 166,181 — 0.3 3.4 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 13,278 1,624 88 40 15,030 1.6 21.3 50.8 — 4.8 Retail other 10,471 1,108 119 17 11,715 1.3 9.0 53.7 — 3.2 Corporate loans1 52,151 7,070 1,751 — 60,972 0.3 2.7 19.3 — 1.2 Total UK 220,903 29,248 3,690 57 253,898 0.2 2.7 16.1 — 0.8 Retail mortgages 1,649 88 143 — 1,880 0.1 1.1 15.4 — 1.5 Retail credit cards 17,295 2,146 308 — 19,749 1.9 27.3 82.1 — 11.5 Retail other 1,841 154 98 — 2,093 0.2 0.6 19.0 — 1.3 Corporate loans 64,148 3,766 739 — 68,653 0.1 3.5 21.8 — 0.6 Total Rest of the World 84,933 6,154 1,288 — 92,375 0.5 13.3 56.5 — 3.2 Total loans and advances at amortised cost 305,836 35,402 4,978 57 346,273 0.3 4.7 32.4 — 1.4 Debt securities at amortised cost 64,976 3,234 — — 68,210 — 0.3 — — — Total loans and advances at amortised cost including debt securities 370,812 38,636 4,978 57 414,483 0.3 4.4 32.4 — 1.2 Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts2 412,091 18,478 1,143 6 431,718 — 1.3 2.1 — 0.1 Total3,4 782,903 57,114 6,121 63 846,201 0.1 3.4 28.2 — 0.6 1 Includes Business Banking, which has a gross exposure of £ 13.1bn and an impairment allowance of £ 356m. This comprises £60m impairment allowance on £8.9bn Stage 1 exposure, £60m on £2.8bn Stage 2 exposure and £236m on £1.5bn Stage 3 exposure. Excluding this, total coverage for corporate loans in UK is 0.8%. 2 Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £16.3bn carried at fair value and includes exposures relating to financial assets classified as assets held for sale. 3 Other financial assets subject to impairment excluded in the table above include cash collateral and settlement balances, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £204.2bn and an impairment allowance of £156m. This comprises £19m impairment allowance on £202.7bn Stage 1 exposure, £7m on £1.3bn Stage 2 exposure and £130m on £139m Stage 3 exposure. 4 The annualised loan loss rate is 46bps after applying the total impairment charge of £1,982m. Barclays PLC 29

Loans and advances at amortised cost by product The table below presents a product breakdown by stages of loans and advances at amortised cost. Also included is a breakdown of Stage 2 past due balances. Stage 2 As at 30.06.25 Stage 1 Not past due <=30 days past due >30 days past due Total Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Gross exposure £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 152,861 14,293 2,149 783 17,225 1,884 — 171,970 Retail credit cards 29,768 4,518 292 254 5,064 1,848 28 36,708 Retail other 12,245 1,337 187 76 1,600 402 14 14,261 Corporate loans 115,899 10,778 79 94 10,951 2,985 — 129,835 Total 310,773 30,926 2,707 1,207 34,840 7,119 42 352,774 Impairment allowance Retail mortgages 37 29 17 13 59 84 — 180 Retail credit cards 457 940 111 141 1,192 1,459 — 3,108 Retail other 103 104 24 25 153 199 — 455 Corporate loans 216 343 5 8 356 631 — 1,203 Total 813 1,416 157 187 1,760 2,373 — 4,946 Net exposure Retail mortgages 152,824 14,264 2,132 770 17,166 1,800 — 171,790 Retail credit cards 29,311 3,578 181 113 3,872 389 28 33,600 Retail other 12,142 1,233 163 51 1,447 203 14 13,806 Corporate loans 115,683 10,435 74 86 10,595 2,354 — 128,632 Total 309,960 29,510 2,550 1,020 33,080 4,746 42 347,828 Coverage ratio % % % % % % % % Retail mortgages — 0.2 0.8 1.7 0.3 4.5 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 1.5 20.8 38.0 55.5 23.5 79.0 — 8.5 Retail other 0.8 7.8 12.8 32.9 9.6 49.5 — 3.2 Corporate loans 0.2 3.2 6.3 8.5 3.3 21.1 — 0.9 Total 0.3 4.6 5.8 15.5 5.1 33.3 — 1.4 As at 31.12.24 Gross exposure £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 146,690 16,790 2,034 772 19,596 1,962 — 168,248 Retail credit cards 31,126 4,435 303 279 5,017 1,903 40 38,086 Retail other 12,450 1,056 211 106 1,373 378 17 14,218 Corporate loans 116,508 10,849 144 174 11,167 3,116 — 130,791 Total 306,774 33,130 2,692 1,331 37,153 7,359 57 351,343 Impairment allowance Retail mortgages 38 42 13 7 62 87 — 187 Retail credit cards 553 959 122 166 1,247 1,507 — 3,307 Retail other 138 76 17 18 111 161 — 410 Corporate loans 209 316 7 8 331 626 — 1,166 Total 938 1,393 159 199 1,751 2,381 — 5,070 Net exposure Retail mortgages 146,652 16,748 2,021 765 19,534 1,875 — 168,061 Retail credit cards 30,573 3,476 181 113 3,770 396 40 34,779 Retail other 12,312 980 194 88 1,262 217 17 13,808 Corporate loans 116,299 10,533 137 166 10,836 2,490 — 129,625 Total 305,836 31,737 2,533 1,132 35,402 4,978 57 346,273 Coverage ratio % % % % % % % % Retail mortgages — 0.3 0.6 0.9 0.3 4.4 — 0.1 Retail credit cards 1.8 21.6 40.3 59.5 24.9 79.2 — 8.7 Retail other 1.1 7.2 8.1 17.0 8.1 42.6 — 2.9 Corporate loans 0.2 2.9 4.9 4.6 3.0 20.1 — 0.9 Total 0.3 4.2 5.9 15.0 4.7 32.4 — 1.4 Barclays PLC 30

Movement in gross exposures and impairment allowance including provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantees The following tables present a reconciliation of the opening to the closing balance of the gross exposure and impairment allowance. Transfers between stages in the tables have been reflected as if they had taken place at the beginning of the period. 'Net drawdowns, repayments, net re-measurement and movements due to exposure and risk parameter changes' includes additional drawdowns and partial repayments from existing facilities. Additionally, the below tables do not include other financial assets subject to impairment such as debt securities at amortised cost, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending, cash collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. The movements are measured over a six-month period. Loans and advances at amortised cost Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Retail mortgages £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m As at 1 January 2025 146,690 38 19,596 62 1,962 87 — — 168,248 187 Transfers from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (5,409) (2) 5,409 2 — — — — — — Transfers from Stage 2 to Stage 1 6,592 21 (6,592) (21) — — — — — — Transfers to Stage 3 (153) — (255) (4) 408 4 — — — — Transfers from Stage 3 79 2 155 1 (234) (3) — — — — Business activity in the period 15,180 6 385 2 26 — — — 15,591 8 Refinements to models used for calculation — — — — — — — — — — Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (3,839) (26) (563) 21 (63) 23 — — (4,465) 18 Final repayments (6,279) (2) (909) (3) (193) (9) — — (7,381) (14) Disposals1 — — (1) (1) (9) (5) — — (10) (6) Write-offs — — — — (13) (13) — — (13) (13) As at 30 June 2025 152,861 37 17,225 59 1,884 84 — — 171,970 180 Retail credit cards As at 1 January 2025 31,126 553 5,017 1,247 1,903 1,507 40 — 38,086 3,307 Transfers from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (2,065) (59) 2,065 59 — — — — — — Transfers from Stage 2 to Stage 1 1,488 306 (1,488) (306) — — — — — — Transfers to Stage 3 (298) (12) (636) (272) 934 284 — — — — Transfers from Stage 3 12 6 15 6 (27) (12) — — — — Business activity in the period 1,951 31 171 38 1 1 — — 2,123 70 Refinements to models used for calculation2 — 14 — (47) — 1 — — — (32) Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (2,310) (377) (69) 469 (200) 385 (12) — (2,591) 477 Final repayments (136) (5) (11) (2) (2) (1) — — (149) (8) Disposals1 — — — — (245) (190) — — (245) (190) Write-offs — — — — (516) (516) — — (516) (516) As at 30 June 2025 29,768 457 5,064 1,192 1,848 1,459 28 — 36,708 3,108 1 The £10m of gross disposals reported within Retail mortgages relate to sale of the Italian mortgage loans. The £245m of gross disposals reported within Retail credit cards relate to debt sales undertaken during the period. 2 Refinements to models used for calculation reported within Retail credit cards include a £(32)m movement in the calculated ECL for the US Cards portfolio. These reflect model enhancements made during the period. Barclays continually reviews the output of models to determine accuracy of the ECL calculation including review of model monitoring, external benchmarking and experience of model operation over an extended period of time. This helps to ensure that the models used continue to reflect the risks inherent across the businesses. Barclays PLC 31

Loans and advances at amortised cost Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Retail other £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m As at 1 January 2025 12,450 138 1,373 111 378 161 17 — 14,218 410 Transfers from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (757) (12) 757 12 — — — — — — Transfers from Stage 2 to Stage 1 309 20 (309) (20) — — — — — — Transfers to Stage 3 (85) (1) (84) (22) 169 23 — — — — Transfers from Stage 3 23 1 3 2 (26) (3) — — — — Business activity in the period 2,969 23 180 19 11 4 — — 3,160 46 Refinements to models used for calculation — — — — — — — — — — Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (615) (54) (30) 54 67 98 (3) — (581) 98 Final repayments (2,049) (12) (290) (3) (119) (12) — — (2,458) (27) Disposals1 — — — — (21) (15) — — (21) (15) Write-offs — — — — (57) (57) — — (57) (57) As at 30 June 2025 12,245 103 1,600 153 402 199 14 — 14,261 455 Corporate loans As at 1 January 2025 116,508 209 11,167 331 3,116 626 — — 130,791 1,166 Transfers from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (3,210) (17) 3,210 17 — — — — — — Transfers from Stage 2 to Stage 1 2,156 46 (2,156) (46) — — — — — — Transfers to Stage 3 (374) (2) (461) (25) 835 27 — — — — Transfers from Stage 3 207 10 220 10 (427) (20) — — — — Business activity in the period 16,320 26 1,290 27 373 25 — — 17,983 78 Refinements to models used for calculation2 — (8) — (6) — — — — — (14) Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes3 181 (33) (732) 86 (370) 199 — — (921) 252 Final repayments (15,888) (14) (1,585) (36) (260) (44) — — (17,733) (94) Disposals1 (1) (1) (2) (2) (121) (21) — — (124) (24) Write-offs — — — — (161) (161) — — (161) (161) As at 30 June 2025 115,899 216 10,951 356 2,985 631 — — 129,835 1,203 1 The £21m of gross disposals reported within Retail other and £124m of gross disposals reported within Corporate loans relate to debt sales undertaken during the period. 2 Refinements to models used for calculation reported within Corporate loans include a £(14)m movement in the calculated ECL for the IB portfolio. These reflect model enhancements made during the period. Barclays continually reviews the output of models to determine accuracy of the ECL calculation including review of model monitoring, external benchmarking and experience of model operation over an extended period of time. This helps to ensure that the models used continue to reflect the risks inherent across the businesses. 3 'Net drawdowns, repayments, net re-measurement and movements due to exposure and risk parameter changes' reported within Corporate loans includes assets of £0.2bn de-recognised due to payment received on defaulted loans from government guarantees issued under the Government’s Bounce Back Loan Scheme. Barclays PLC 32

Reconciliation of ECL movement to impairment charge/(release) for the period Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total £m £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages (1) (2) 15 — 12 Retail credit cards (96) (55) 658 — 507 Retail other (35) 42 110 — 117 Corporate loans 8 27 187 — 222 ECL movements excluding disposals and write-offs1 (124) 12 970 — 858 ECL movement on loan commitments and other financial guarantees — (11) (3) — (14) ECL movement on other financial assets 4 (3) (7) — (6) ECL movement on debt securities at amortised cost — 1 — — 1 Recoveries and reimbursements2 (4) (20) (77) — (101) ECL charge on assets held for sale3 105 Total exchange and other adjustments 269 Total income statement charge for the period 1,112 1 In H125, gross write-offs amounted to £747m (H124: £ 760m) and post write-off recoveries amounted to £ 43m (H124: £ 38m). Net write-offs represent gross write-offs less post write-off recoveries and amounted to £704m (H124: £722m). 2 Recoveries and reimbursements include £58m (H124: £ 18m) for reimbursements expected to be received under the arrangement where Group has entered into financial guarantee contracts which provide credit protection over certain assets with third parties and cash recoveries of previously written off amounts of £43m(H124: £38m). 3 ECL charge on assets held for sale relate to the charges on a co-branded card portfolio in USCB and the German consumer finance business. Barclays PLC 33

Loan commitments and financial guarantees1 Stage 3 excluding POCI Stage 3 POCI Total Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Gross exposure ECL Retail mortgages £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m As at 1 January 2025 11,093 — 340 — 2 — — — 11,435 — Net transfers between stages (22) — 20 — 2 — — — — — Business activity in the period 10,082 — — — 6 — — — 10,088 — Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (8,050) — (27) — (2) — — — (8,079) — Limit management and final repayments (171) — (19) — (1) — — — (191) — As at 30 June 2025 12,932 — 314 — 7 — — — 13,253 — Retail credit cards As at 1 January 2025 162,471 53 2,515 13 122 — 6 — 165,114 66 Net transfers between stages (2,001) 10 1,977 (10) 24 — — — — — Business activity in the period 9,162 11 136 2 — — — — 9,298 13 Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (7,840) (16) (1,284) 14 (26) — (1) — (9,151) (2) Limit management and final repayments (6,172) (5) (122) (5) (11) — — — (6,305) (10) Disposals2 (5,203) — (217) — (10) — — — (5,430) — As at 30 June 2025 150,417 53 3,005 14 99 — 5 — 153,526 67 Retail other As at 1 January 2025 8,416 6 440 — 25 — — — 8,881 6 Net transfers between stages (10) — 10 — — — — — — — Business activity in the period 364 — — — 6 — — — 370 — Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (126) (3) (14) — (7) — — — (147) (3) Limit management and final repayments (573) — (25) — (3) — — — (601) — Disposals2 (743) — (30) — (1) — — — (774) — As at 30 June 2025 7,328 3 381 — 20 — — — 7,729 3 Corporate loans As at 1 January 2025 230,275 105 15,433 237 1,019 25 — — 246,727 367 Net transfers between stages (77) 23 (77) (22) 154 (1) — — — — Business activity in the period 52,278 23 1,166 31 68 — — — 53,512 54 Net drawdowns, repayments, net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes (4,520) (29) (1,182) 17 (261) — — — (5,963) (12) Limit management and final repayments (49,958) (14) (1,986) (38) (163) (2) — — (52,107) (54) As at 30 June 2025 227,998 108 13,354 225 817 22 — — 242,169 355 1 Loan commitments reported also include financial assets classified as held for sale. 2 The gross disposals reported within Retail credit card and Retail other relate to the German consumer finance business; sale of which was completed in Q125. Barclays PLC 34

Management adjustments to models for impairment Management adjustments to impairment models are applied in order to factor in certain conditions or changes in policy that are not fully incorporated into the impairment models, or to reflect additional facts and circumstances at the period end. Management adjustments are reviewed and incorporated into future model development where applicable. Management adjustments are captured through “Economic uncertainty” and “Other” adjustments, and are presented by product and geography below: Management adjustments to models for impairment allowance presented by product and geography1 Impairment allowance pre management adjustments2 Economic uncertainty adjustments Other adjustments Management adjustments3 Total impairment allowance4 Proportion of Management adjustments to Total impairment allowance (a) (b) (a+b) As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m % Retail mortgages 50 36 72 108 158 68.4 Retail credit cards 883 — (127) (127) 756 (16.8) Retail other 350 — 84 84 434 19.4 Corporate loans 767 43 40 83 850 9.8 Total UK 2,050 79 69 148 2,198 6.7 Retail mortgages 22 — — — 22 — Retail credit cards5 2,389 30 — 30 2,419 1.2 Retail other 24 — — — 24 — Corporate loans5 719 44 (55) (11) 708 (1.6) Total Rest of the World 3,154 74 (55) 19 3,173 0.6 Total 5,204 153 14 167 5,371 3.1 Debt securities at amortised cost 23 1 — 1 24 4.2 Total including debt securities at amortised cost 5,227 154 14 168 5,395 3.1 As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m £m £m % Retail mortgages 51 36 71 107 158 67.7 Retail credit cards 787 — (22) (22) 765 (2.9) Retail other 298 — 90 90 388 23.2 Corporate loans 759 42 39 81 840 9.6 Total UK 1,895 78 178 256 2,151 11.9 Retail mortgages 29 — — — 29 — Retail credit cards 2,631 — (23) (23) 2,608 (0.9) Retail other 24 — 4 4 28 14.3 Corporate loans 695 — (2) (2) 693 (0.3) Total Rest of the World 3,379 — (21) (21) 3,358 (0.6) Total 5,274 78 157 235 5,509 4.3 Debt securities at amortised cost 30 — (7) (7) 23 (30.4) Total including debt securities at amortised cost 5,304 78 150 228 5,532 4.1 Barclays PLC 35

Economic uncertainty adjustments presented by stage Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 7 18 11 36 Retail credit cards — — — — Retail other — — — — Corporate loans 25 12 6 43 Total UK 32 30 17 79 Retail mortgages — — — — Retail credit cards — 30 — 30 Retail other — — — — Corporate loans 13 31 — 44 Total Rest of the World 13 61 — 74 Total 45 91 17 153 Debt securities at amortised cost 1 — — 1 Total including debt securities at amortised cost 46 91 17 154 As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m £m Retail mortgages 7 18 11 36 Retail credit cards — — — — Retail other — — — — Corporate loans 26 10 6 42 Total UK 33 28 17 78 Retail mortgages — — — — Retail credit cards — — — — Retail other — — — — Corporate loans — — — — Total Rest of the World — — — — Total 33 28 17 78 Debt securities at amortised cost — — — — Total including debt securities at amortised cost 33 28 17 78 1 Positive values reflect an increase in impairment allowance and negative values reflect a reduction in the impairment allowance. 2 Includes £4.5bn (December 2024: £ 4.7bn) of modelled ECL, £ 0.5bn (December 2024: £ 0.5bn) of individually assessed impairments, £ (0.2)bn (December 2024: £(0.3)bn) of ECL from assets held for sale (co-branded card portfolio) and £ 0.4bn (December 2024: £ 0.4bn) of ECL from non-modelled exposures and debt securities. 3 Management adjustments related to other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include cash collateral and settlement balances £ nil (December 2024: £ (1)m), reverse repurchase agreements £ 1m (December 2024: £ (2)m) and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income £nil (December 2024: £(2)m) within the IB portfolio. 4 Total impairment allowance consists of ECL stock on drawn and undrawn exposure. 5 Economic uncertainty adjustment of £87m is split £36m in USCB (including £6m in HFS) and £51m in IB, primarily reported within Corporate loans (ROW). Economic uncertainty adjustments Economic uncertainty adjustments continue to be captured in two ways. Firstly, customer uncertainty: the identification of customers and clients who may be more vulnerable to economic instability; and secondly, model uncertainty: to capture the impact from model limitations and sensitivities to specific macroeconomic parameters which are applied at a portfolio level. The Group continues to monitor the heightened uncertainty in the near-term macroeconomic outlook, especially in the US. The broadening range of outcomes coupled with volatile geopolitical scenarios suggest that a greater weighting than that used in the modelled ECL output should be applied to the Group's Downside scenarios to reflect the macroeconomic uncertainty. In response, an uncertainty PMA of £ 87m (£70m net of SRT credit protection) has been introduced during the year. This adjustment reflects a point in time impact based on the balance sheet as at 30 June 2025 for the uncertainty around macroeconomic variables. It does not factor in future changes in customer utilisation or management actions the Group might take to mitigate credit risk. The total economic uncertainty adjustments as at 30 June 2025 is £ 154m (December 2024: £ 78m) and primarily includes: Customer and client uncertainty provisions of £128m (December 2024: £53m): • Retail mortgages (UK) £ 11m (December 2024: £ 11m): This adjustment reflects the risk of borrowers refinancing onto higher rates in the medium-term Barclays PLC 36

• Retail credit cards (ROW) £30m (December 2024: £nil): This adjustment is introduced during the year to provide for the elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty • Corporate loans: – UK £43m (December 2024: £ 42m): This adjustment reflects the possible cross default risk on Barclays’ lending in respect of clients who have taken bounce back loans – ROW £ 44m (December 2024: £ nil): This adjustment is introduced during the year to provide for the elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty Model uncertainty provisions of £25m (December 2024: £25m): • Retail mortgages (UK) £25m (December 2024: £ 25m): This adjustment remediates the higher recovery expectations impacted by model over-sensitivity to certain macroeconomic variables Other adjustments Other adjustments are operational in nature and are expected to remain in place until they can be reflected in the underlying models. These adjustments result from data limitations and model performance related issues identified through model monitoring and other established governance processes. Total other adjustments of £14m (December 2024: £150m) includes: Adjustments for definition of default under the Capital Requirements Regulation and model monitoring across products; and a recalibration adjustment to correct for Probability of Default (PD) over-prediction in Retail credit cards (UK) and Corporate loans (ROW). • Retail mortgages (UK) £72m (December 2024: £71m): The adjustments remain broadly stable • Retail credit cards (UK) £(127)m (December 2024: £ (22)m): The movement is primarily driven by a recalibration adjustment to correct for PD over-prediction driven by resilient customer behaviour, underpinned by model monitoring controls • Retail credit cards (ROW ) £ nil (December 2024: £ (23)m): The movement is informed by the retirement of an adjustment in the US cards portfolio for high-risk account management (HRAM) accounts following model remediation during the year • Retail other (UK) £84m (December 2024: £90m): The adjustments remain broadly stable • Corporate loans (UK) £40m (December 2024: £39m): The adjustments remain broadly stable • Corporate loans (ROW) £ (55)m (Dece mber 2024: £ (2)m): The movement is driven by a recalibration adjustment to correct for PD over-prediction driven by resilient customer behaviour, underpinned by model monitoring controls • Debt securities £nil (December 2024: £(7)m): The movement is informed by the retirement of an adjustment following model remediation Barclays PLC 37

Measurement uncertainty Scenarios used to calculate the Group’s ECL charge were refreshed in Q225, with the Baseline scenario reflecting the latest consensus macroeconomic forecasts available at the time of the scenario refresh. The Baseline scenario reflects the rapidly changing trade policies and uncertainty around potential tariffs to be imposed by the US administration and responses by other governments. Global growth slows modestly as rising US tariffs and retaliatory measures disrupt trade flows, dampen business confidence, and weigh on investment, though domestic demand in advanced economies remains resilient. UK and US GDP growth in 2025 is expected to be 0.7% and 1.9%, respectively. Labour markets in major economies soften slightly amid increased uncertainty and slower export-oriented activity. However, the weakening is contained and does not rise significantly from current levels. UK and US unemployment rates peak at 4.7% and 4.6%, respectively. Central Banks continue to loosen monetary policy albeit at a faster pace than initially anticipated given tariff-induced uncertainty. The Downside scenarios have been calibrated to capture an escalation of trade tensions, where tariffs imposed by the US prompt retaliation from its trading partners with adverse implications for consumer prices and investment sentiment. Largescale deportation disrupts the US labour market, compounding downside risks to growth. In addition, global supply chains are severely disrupted as firms delay investment, reassess production locations and hoard production inputs. Imports into the US contract sharply due to higher prices and exports fall due to retaliation. The combination of trade impact and consumer uncertainty triggers a sharp recession, not only in the US but also in the UK and Europe driven by a severe decline in net exports, business sentiment and with investment and consumption plans being put on hold. The rapid fall in external demand and a retrenchment in business investment push up unemployment rates, where job losses are concentrated in trade-exposed sectors (machinery, autos, consumer durables) but also spill into services. The Fed initially holds rates steady, weighing the inflation shock against the deteriorating real economy. However, as the slowdown deepens and labour market loosens, the Fed cuts rates swiftly to stimulate aggregate demand. The Bank of England eases monetary policy amid a disinflationary environment and looser labour markets. In the Upside scenarios, a rise in labour force participation and higher productivity contribute to accelerated economic growth, without creating new inflationary pressures. Central banks lower interest rates stimulating private consumption and investment growth. Demand for labour increases and unemployment rates stabilise and start falling again. As geopolitical tensions ease, low inflation supports consumer purchasing power and contributes further to healthy GDP growth. The strong economic outlook and lower interest rates provide a boost to house prices growth and support bullish financial markets. The methodology for estimating scenario weights involves simulating a range of future paths for UK and US GDP using historical data with the five scenarios mapped against the distribution of these future paths. The median is centred around the Baseline with scenarios further from the Baseline attracting a lower weighting before the five weights are normalised to total 100%. The increase in the Downside 1 scenario weight was driven by the deterioration in US GDP in the Baseline scenario, bringing the Baseline scenario closer to the Downside scenarios, partially offset by the impact of the increased severity of the Downside scenarios. For further details see page 40. The Group has retained the £70m (net of SRT1 credit protection) uncertainty adjustment introduced in Q125 across the US Consumer Bank and the Investment Bank businesses as heightened uncertainty persists, including tariffs and trade uncertainty and ongoing geopolitical risk; the impacts of which are yet to be observed in customer behaviour. For further details see page 36. The following tables show the key macroeconomic variables used in the five scenarios ( 5-year annual paths) and the weights applied to each scenario. 1 Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) represents risk transfer transactions used to enhance risk management capabilities. Barclays PLC 38

Macroeconomic variables used in the calculation of ECL As at 30.06.25 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Baseline % % % % % UK GDP1 0.7 1.2 1.5 1.6 1.7 UK unemployment2 4.6 4.7 4.7 4.6 4.6 UK HPI3 2.1 2.3 2.3 3.5 3.9 UK bank rate6 4.1 3.8 3.8 3.8 3.9 US GDP1 1.9 1.4 2.0 2.0 2.0 US unemployment4 4.4 4.6 4.6 4.6 4.6 US HPI5 2.8 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 US federal funds rate6 4.3 3.6 3.6 3.8 3.8 Downside 2 UK GDP1 (0.2) (3.4) 1.7 2.6 1.8 UK unemployment2 4.9 7.6 7.5 5.9 5.3 UK HPI3 (9.4) (20.6) 1.2 18.1 10.0 UK bank rate6 4.0 1.4 0.2 0.8 1.5 US GDP1 0.9 (4.7) (0.2) 2.3 2.3 US unemployment4 4.6 7.3 7.8 6.4 5.8 US HPI5 (1.6) (6.6) 3.6 9.1 4.7 US federal funds rate6 4.5 4.1 2.4 1.4 1.2 Downside 1 UK GDP1 0.2 (1.1) 1.6 2.1 1.8 UK unemployment2 4.8 6.2 6.1 5.2 4.9 UK HPI3 (3.7) (9.6) 1.7 10.7 7.0 UK bank rate6 4.1 3.1 2.2 2.3 2.7 US GDP1 1.4 (1.6) 0.9 2.1 2.1 US unemployment4 4.5 5.9 6.2 5.5 5.2 US HPI5 0.5 (2.4) 2.8 5.5 3.4 US federal funds rate6 4.3 3.9 2.9 2.6 2.6 Upside 2 UK GDP1 1.1 3.9 3.2 2.6 2.3 UK unemployment2 4.4 4.0 3.8 3.7 3.7 UK HPI3 4.4 14.2 6.8 2.7 3.8 UK bank rate6 4.1 3.1 2.5 2.6 2.9 US GDP1 2.3 3.1 2.9 2.8 2.8 US unemployment4 4.2 3.9 3.9 3.9 3.9 US HPI5 5.2 4.3 5.3 4.9 4.9 US federal funds rate6 4.1 2.9 2.8 2.8 2.8 Upside 1 UK GDP1 0.9 2.5 2.4 2.1 2.0 UK unemployment2 4.5 4.3 4.3 4.2 4.2 UK HPI3 3.2 8.1 4.5 3.1 3.9 UK bank rate6 4.1 3.4 3.3 3.3 3.4 US GDP1 2.1 2.3 2.4 2.4 2.4 US unemployment4 4.3 4.2 4.2 4.2 4.2 US HPI5 4.0 3.1 3.7 3.4 3.4 US federal funds rate6 4.3 3.3 3.3 3.5 3.5 1 Average Real GDP seasonally adjusted change in year. 2 Average UK unemployment rate 16-year+. 3 Change in year end UK HPI = Halifax HPI Meth2 All Houses, All Buyers index. 4 Average US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+. 5 Change in year end US HPI = FHFA House Price Index, relative to prior year end. 6 Average rate. Barclays PLC 39

As at 31.12.24 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Baseline % % % % % UK GDP1 1.0 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.5 UK unemployment2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.4 4.4 UK HPI3 2.8 3.3 1.6 4.5 3.0 UK bank rate6 5.1 4.3 4.0 4.0 3.8 US GDP1 2.7 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0 US unemployment4 4.1 4.3 4.2 4.2 4.2 US HPI5 6.5 2.6 2.7 3.0 3.0 US federal funds rate6 5.1 4.1 4.0 3.8 3.8 Downside 2 UK GDP1 1.0 (2.3) (1.3) 2.6 2.3 UK unemployment2 4.3 6.2 8.1 6.6 5.5 UK HPI3 2.8 (24.8) (5.2) 10.0 14.6 UK bank rate6 5.1 3.5 1.7 0.6 1.1 US GDP1 2.7 (1.3) (1.3) 3.3 2.9 US unemployment4 4.1 5.8 7.2 6.2 5.5 US HPI5 6.5 (8.0) (0.7) 5.2 4.0 US federal funds rate6 5.1 2.5 0.6 0.8 1.5 Downside 1 UK GDP1 1.0 (0.5) 0.1 2.1 1.9 UK unemployment2 4.3 5.3 6.3 5.5 5.0 UK HPI3 2.8 (11.6) (1.8) 7.2 8.7 UK bank rate6 5.1 3.9 2.9 2.3 2.4 US GDP1 2.7 0.3 0.4 2.7 2.4 US unemployment4 4.1 5.1 5.7 5.2 4.9 US HPI5 6.5 (2.7) 1.0 4.1 3.5 US federal funds rate6 5.1 3.4 2.3 2.3 2.7 Upside 2 UK GDP1 1.0 3.0 3.7 2.9 2.4 UK unemployment2 4.3 3.8 3.4 3.5 3.5 UK HPI3 2.8 11.9 8.4 5.1 4.1 UK bank rate6 5.1 3.9 2.9 2.8 2.8 US GDP1 2.7 2.8 3.1 2.8 2.8 US unemployment4 4.1 3.8 3.5 3.5 3.5 US HPI5 6.5 6.2 4.7 4.8 4.9 US federal funds rate6 5.1 3.7 3.3 3.1 2.8 Upside 1 UK GDP1 1.0 2.2 2.6 2.2 2.0 UK unemployment2 4.3 4.1 4.0 4.0 4.0 UK HPI3 2.8 7.6 4.9 4.8 3.5 UK bank rate6 5.1 4.1 3.5 3.4 3.3 US GDP1 2.7 2.4 2.6 2.4 2.4 US unemployment4 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.9 3.9 US HPI5 6.5 4.4 3.7 3.9 3.9 US federal funds rate6 5.1 4.0 3.8 3.6 3.3 1 Average Real GDP seasonally adjusted change in year. 2 Average UK unemployment rate 16-year+. 3 Change in year end UK HPI = Halifax All Houses, All Buyers index, relative to prior year end. 4 Average US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+. 5 Change in year end US HPI = FHFA House Price Index, relative to prior year end. 6 Average rate. Scenario weighting Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 % % % % % As at 30.06.25 Scenario weighting 15.5 26.4 34.4 15.2 8.5 As at 31.12.24 Scenario weighting 17.4 26.8 32.5 14.7 8.6 Barclays PLC 40

Specific bases show the most extreme position of each variable in the context of the downside/upside scenarios, for example, the highest unemployment for downside scenarios, average unemployment for baseline scenarios and lowest unemployment for upside scenarios. GDP and HPI downside and upside scenario data represent the lowest and highest cumulative position relative to the start point in the 20 quarter period. Macroeconomic variables (specific bases)1 Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 As at 30.06.25 % % % % % UK GDP2 14.5 10.9 1.3 (1.3) (4.0) UK unemployment3 3.7 4.2 4.6 6.5 8.4 UK HPI4 35.8 25.0 2.8 (13.2) (28.1) UK bank rate3 2.5 3.3 3.9 4.6 4.6 US GDP2 14.8 12.0 1.8 (1.4) (5.3) US unemployment3 3.9 4.1 4.5 6.5 8.4 US HPI4 27.1 19.0 2.2 (2.2) (8.4) US federal funds rate3 2.8 3.3 3.8 4.5 4.5 As at 31.12.24 % % % % % UK GDP2 15.0 11.6 1.4 0.2 (2.9) UK unemployment3 3.4 3.9 4.4 6.5 8.4 UK HPI4 36.3 25.9 3.0 (11.3) (26.8) UK bank rate3 2.8 3.3 4.2 5.3 5.3 US GDP2 14.9 12.8 2.2 0.4 (2.1) US unemployment3 3.5 3.8 4.2 5.9 7.5 US HPI4 30.1 24.4 3.5 1.1 (4.0) US federal funds rate3 2.8 3.3 4.2 5.3 5.3 1 UK GDP = Real GDP growth seasonally adjusted; UK unemployment = UK unemployment rate 16-year+; UK HPI (31.12.24) = Halifax All Houses, All Buyers Index; UK HPI (30.06.25) = Halifax HPI Meth2 All Houses, All Buyers index; US GDP = Real GDP growth seasonally adjusted; US unemployment = US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+; US HPI = FHFA House Price Index. 20 quarter period starts from Q125 (2024: Q124). 2 Maximum growth relative to Q424 (2024: Q423), based on 20 quarter period in Upside scenarios; 5-year yearly average Compound Annual Growth Rate(CAGR) in Baseline; minimum growth relative to Q424 (2024: Q423), based on 20 quarter period in Downside scenarios. 3 Lowest quarter in 20 quarter period in Upside scenarios; 5-year average in Baseline; highest quarter 20 quarter period in Downside scenarios. 4 Maximum growth relative to Q424 (2024: Q423), based on 20 quarter period in Upside scenarios; 5-year quarter end CAGR in Baseline; minimum growth relative to Q424 (2024: Q423), based on 20 quarter period in Downside scenarios. Average basis represents the average quarterly value of variables in the 20 quarter period with GDP and HPI based on yearly average and quarterly CAGRs respectively. Macroeconomic variables (5-year averages)1 Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 As at 30.06.25 % % % % % UK GDP2 2.6 2.0 1.3 0.9 0.5 UK unemployment3 3.9 4.3 4.6 5.4 6.2 UK HPI4 6.3 4.6 2.8 0.9 (1.1) UK bank rate3 3.0 3.5 3.9 2.9 1.6 US GDP2 2.8 2.3 1.8 1.0 0.1 US unemployment3 3.9 4.2 4.5 5.4 6.4 US HPI4 4.9 3.5 2.2 1.9 1.7 US federal funds rate3 3.1 3.6 3.8 3.3 2.7 As at 31.12.24 % % % % % UK GDP2 2.6 2.0 1.4 0.9 0.5 UK unemployment3 3.7 4.0 4.4 5.3 6.1 UK HPI4 6.4 4.7 3.0 0.8 (1.6) UK bank rate3 3.5 3.9 4.2 3.3 2.4 US GDP2 2.9 2.5 2.2 1.7 1.2 US unemployment3 3.7 3.9 4.2 5.0 5.8 US HPI4 5.4 4.5 3.5 2.4 1.2 US federal funds rate3 3.6 4.0 4.2 3.2 2.1 1 UK GDP = Real GDP growth seasonally adjusted; UK unemployment = UK unemployment rate 16-year+; UK HPI (31.12.24) = Halifax All Houses, All Buyers Index; UK HPI (30.06.25) = Halifax HPI Meth2 All Houses, All Buyers index; US GDP = Real GDP growth seasonally adjusted; US unemployment = US civilian unemployment rate 16-year+; US HPI = FHFA House Price Index. 20 quarter period starts from Q125 (2024: Q124). 2 5-year yearly average CAGR, starting 2024 (2024: 2023). 3 5-year average. Period based on 20 quarters from Q125 (2024: Q124). 4 5-year quarter end CAGR, starting Q424 (2024: Q423). Barclays PLC 41

ECL sensitivity analysis The table below shows the modelled ECL assuming each of the five modelled scenarios are 100% weighted with the dispersion of results around the Baseline, highlighting the impact on exposure and ECL across the scenarios. Model exposure uses exposure at default (EAD) values and is not directly comparable to gross exposure used in prior disclosures. Scenarios As at 30.06.25 Weighted1 Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 Stage 1 Model Exposure (£m) Retail mortgages 143,893 144,499 144,220 143,894 142,404 140,285 Retail credit cards2 61,346 61,301 61,334 61,364 61,389 61,315 Retail other 6,361 6,488 6,436 6,375 6,217 6,047 Corporate loans2 206,132 208,928 208,025 206,540 204,086 197,488 Stage 1 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 2 1 1 1 3 5 Retail credit cards2 514 493 503 513 533 551 Retail other 31 28 29 30 33 35 Corporate loans2 288 251 264 274 332 385 Stage 1 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages — — — — — — Retail credit cards 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.9 0.9 Retail other 0.5 0.4 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.6 Corporate loans 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.2 Stage 2 Model Exposure (£m) Retail mortgages 17,837 16,768 17,185 17,673 19,831 23,057 Retail credit cards2 6,381 6,216 6,288 6,363 6,525 6,794 Retail other 1,181 1,054 1,106 1,167 1,325 1,495 Corporate loans2 20,327 17,378 18,338 19,936 22,509 29,237 Stage 2 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 3 1 2 2 5 9 Retail credit cards2 1,353 1,268 1,302 1,337 1,440 1,584 Retail other 79 66 70 75 98 127 Corporate loans2 550 418 462 517 693 1,045 Stage 2 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages — — — — — — Retail credit cards 21.2 20.4 20.7 21.0 22.1 23.3 Retail other 6.7 6.3 6.3 6.4 7.4 8.5 Corporate loans 2.7 2.4 2.5 2.6 3.1 3.6 Stage 3 Model Exposure (£m)3 Retail mortgages 1,128 1,128 1,128 1,128 1,128 1,128 Retail credit cards2 2,050 2,050 2,050 2,050 2,050 2,050 Retail other 133 133 133 133 133 133 Corporate loans2 3,858 3,858 3,858 3,858 3,858 3,858 Stage 3 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 18 11 14 16 27 35 Retail credit cards2 1,525 1,486 1,507 1,527 1,558 1,586 Retail other 75 73 73 74 78 82 Corporate loans2,4 61 58 58 60 66 72 Stage 3 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages 1.6 1.0 1.2 1.4 2.4 3.1 Retail credit cards 74.4 72.5 73.5 74.5 76.0 77.4 Retail other 56.4 54.9 54.9 55.6 58.6 61.7 Corporate loans4 1.6 1.5 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.9 Total Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 23 13 17 19 35 49 Retail credit cards2 3,392 3,247 3,312 3,377 3,531 3,721 Retail other 185 167 172 179 209 244 Corporate loans2,4 899 727 784 851 1,091 1,502 Total Model ECL 4,499 4,154 4,285 4,426 4,866 5,516 Barclays PLC 42

Total weighted model ECL 4,499 ECL from individually assessed exposures4 485 ECL from non-modelled exposures and others5 459 ECL from debt securities at amortised cost 24 ECL from held for sale assets (co-branded card portfolio) (239) ECL from post model management adjustments 167 Of which: ECL from economic uncertainty adjustments 153 Total ECL 5,395 1 Model exposures are allocated to a stage based on an individual scenario rather than a probability-weighted approach as required for Barclays reported impairment allowances. As a result, it is not possible to back solve the final reported weighted ECL from individual scenarios given balances may be assigned to a different stage dependent on the scenario. 2 Model exposure and ECL reported within Retail credit cards and Corporate loans continues to include a co-branded card portfolio, as its sale is expected to close in 2026. 3 Model exposures allocated to Stage 3 does not change in any of the scenarios as the transition criteria relies only on an observable evidence of default as at 30 June 2025 and not on macroeconomic scenario. 4 Material corporate loan defaults are individually assessed across different recovery strategies. As a result, ECL of £ 485m is reported as an individually assessed impairment in the reconciliation table. 5 ECL from non-modelled exposures and others includes ECL on Tesco Bank's retail banking business of £295m calculated using a benchmarked approach based on UK cards and UK retail loans. The sensitivity of the non-modelled exposures would materially reflect the sensitivity of the benchmarked model. The use of five scenarios with associated weightings results in a total weighted ECL uplift from the Baseline ECL of 1.6%. Retail mortgages: Total weighted ECL of £23m represents a 21.1% increase over the Baseline ECL (£19m) with coverage ratios remaining steady across the Upside scenarios, Baseline and Downside 1 scenario. Under the Downside 2 scenario, total ECL increases to £49m driven by a fall in UK HPI. Retail credit cards: Total weighted ECL of £3,392m is broadly aligned to the Baseline ECL (£3,377m). Total ECL increases to £3,721m under the Downside 2 scenario, driven by an increase in UK and US unemployment rate. Retail other: Total weighted ECL of £185m represents a 3.4% increase over the Baseline ECL (£179m). Total ECL increases to £244m under the Downside 2 scenario, largely driven by an increase in UK unemployment rate. Corporate loans: Total weighted ECL of £899m represents a 5.6% increase over the Baseline ECL (£851m). Total ECL increases to £1,502m under the Downside 2 scenario, driven by a decrease in UK and US GDP. Barclays PLC 43

Scenarios1 As at 31.12.24 Weighted2 Upside 2 Upside 1 Baseline Downside 1 Downside 2 Stage 1 Model Exposure (£m) Retail mortgages 139,086 140,828 140,079 139,188 136,671 134,861 Retail credit cards 63,937 63,821 63,859 63,894 63,980 63,975 Retail other 7,952 8,074 8,025 7,968 7,804 7,614 Corporate loans 213,905 216,064 215,215 214,293 212,007 207,062 Stage 1 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 1 — 1 1 3 6 Retail credit cards 535 512 523 534 560 586 Retail other 34 32 32 33 36 40 Corporate loans 270 235 247 258 311 363 Stage 1 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages — — — — — — Retail credit cards 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.9 0.9 Retail other 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 Corporate loans 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 Stage 2 Model Exposure (£m) Retail mortgages 20,401 18,178 19,072 20,134 23,359 26,339 Retail credit cards 6,904 6,747 6,817 6,889 7,052 7,310 Retail other 1,232 1,110 1,159 1,215 1,380 1,570 Corporate loans 21,197 18,889 19,793 20,827 23,238 28,340 Stage 2 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 4 1 2 3 8 16 Retail credit cards 1,473 1,387 1,422 1,459 1,567 1,714 Retail other 81 68 72 77 101 134 Corporate loans 532 424 461 505 655 932 Stage 2 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages — — — — — 0.1 Retail credit cards 21.3 20.6 20.9 21.2 22.2 23.4 Retail other 6.6 6.1 6.2 6.3 7.3 8.5 Corporate loans 2.5 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.8 3.3 Stage 3 Model Exposure (£m)3 Retail mortgages 1,062 1,062 1,062 1,062 1,062 1,062 Retail credit cards 2,197 2,197 2,197 2,197 2,197 2,197 Retail other 158 158 158 158 158 158 Corporate loans 4,051 4,051 4,051 4,051 4,051 4,051 Stage 3 Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 19 12 14 17 29 41 Retail credit cards 1,625 1,585 1,606 1,627 1,663 1,695 Retail other 92 90 91 92 95 97 Corporate loans4 71 66 67 69 79 89 Stage 3 Coverage (%) Retail mortgages 1.8 1.1 1.3 1.6 2.7 3.9 Retail credit cards 74.0 72.1 73.1 74.1 75.7 77.2 Retail other 58.2 57.0 57.6 58.2 60.1 61.4 Corporate loans4 1.8 1.6 1.7 1.7 2.0 2.2 Total Model ECL (£m) Retail mortgages 24 13 17 21 40 63 Retail credit cards 3,633 3,484 3,551 3,620 3,790 3,995 Retail other 207 190 195 202 232 271 Corporate loans4 873 725 775 832 1,045 1,384 Total Model ECL 4,737 4,412 4,538 4,675 5,107 5,713 Barclays PLC 44

Total weighted model ECL 4,737 ECL from individually assessed exposures4 461 ECL from non-modelled exposures and others5 358 ECL from debt securities at amortised cost 23 ECL from held for sale assets (co-branded card portfolio) (282) ECL from post model management adjustments 235 Of which: ECL from economic uncertainty adjustments 78 Total ECL 5,532 1 Model exposure and ECL reported within Retail credit cards and Retail Other excludes the German consumer finance business, sale of which completed after the balance sheet date. Model exposure and ECL reported within Retail credit cards and Corporate loans continues to include a co-branded card portfolio, as its sale is expected to close in 2026. 2 Model exposures are allocated to a stage based on an individual scenario rather than a probability-weighted approach as required for Barclays reported impairment allowances. As a result, it is not possible to back solve the final reported weighted ECL from individual scenarios given balances may be assigned to a different stage dependent on the scenario. 3 Model exposures allocated to Stage 3 does not change in any of the scenarios as the transition criteria relies only on an observable evidence of default as at 31 December 2024 and not on macroeconomic scenario. 4 Material corporate loan defaults are individually assessed across different recovery strategies. As a result, ECL of £461m is reported as an individually assessed impairment in the reconciliation table. 5 ECL from non-modelled exposures and others includes ECL on Tesco Bank's retail banking business of £209m calculated using a benchmarked approach based on UK cards and UK retail loans. The sensitivity of the non-modelled exposures would materially reflect the sensitivity of the benchmarked model. Barclays PLC 45

Analysis of specific portfolios and asset types Secured home loans The UK home loan portfolio primarily comprises first lien mortgages and accounts for 97% (December 2024: 97%) of the Group’s total home loans balance. Barclays UK Home loans principal portfolios As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Gross loans and advances (£m) 166,960 163,197 90 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book (%) 0.2 0.2 Annualised gross charge-off rates - 180 days past due (%) 0.5 0.5 Recovery book proportion of outstanding balances (%) 0.6 0.6 Recovery book impairment coverage ratio (%)1 4.1 3.7 Average marked to market LTV Balance weighted % 53.8 53.0 Valuation weighted % 40.4 39.7 New lending Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 New home loan bookings (£m) 15,448 9,239 New home loan proportion > 90% LTV (%) 1.6 0.8 Average LTV on new home loans: balance weighted (%) 69.5 63.4 Average LTV on new home loans: valuation weighted (%) 60.7 54.1 1 Recovery Book Impairment Coverage Ratio excludes Kensington Mortgages Company. Home loans principal portfolios – distribution of balances by LTV1 Distribution of balances Distribution of impairment allowance Coverage ratio Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total Barclays UK % % % % % % % % % % % % As at 30.06.25 <=75% 74.3 9.1 0.9 84.3 7.9 14.3 19.2 41.4 — 0.1 2.0 — >75% and <=90% 13.6 1.1 0.1 14.8 11.6 22.4 10.5 44.5 0.1 1.8 12.7 0.3 >90% and <=100% 0.9 — — 0.9 1.3 1.8 4.2 7.3 0.1 4.4 35.7 0.7 >100% — — — — 0.3 2.1 4.4 6.8 1.7 75.7 78.0 27.8 As at 31.12.24 <=75% 74.5 10.7 0.9 86.1 8.3 15.8 18.7 42.8 — 0.1 1.8 — >75% and <=90% 11.8 1.2 0.1 13.1 10.2 24.2 9.7 44.1 0.1 1.7 13.0 0.3 >90% and <=100% 0.8 — — 0.8 1.3 2.3 4.0 7.6 0.1 4.9 35.8 0.8 >100% — — — — 0.2 1.4 3.9 5.5 1.6 45.9 68.7 24.8 1 Portfolio marked to market based on the most updated valuation including recovery book balances. Updated valuations reflect the application of the latest HPI available as at 30 June 2025. New home loans bookings increased 67% to £15.4bn (H124: £9.2bn), primarily driven by increased demand as interest rates reduced and increased operational capacity. The stamp duty relief period and its ending also created increased activity in the purchase market in Q125, partially offset by reduced volumes in Q225. The proportion of completions in LTV >90% increased from 0.8% in H1 2024 to 1.6% in H1 2025, primarily driven by an increase in HMT Mortgage Guarantee Scheme applications. Barclays PLC 46

Retail credit cards and Retail other The principal portfolios listed below accounted for 91% (December 2024: 91%) of the Group’s total retail credit cards and retail other. Principal portfolios Gross exposure 30 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book 90 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book Annualised gross writeoff rate Annualised net write-off rate As at 30.06.25 £m % % % % Barclays UK UK cards1 16,455 0.7 0.2 0.9 0.8 UK personal loans1 8,389 1.0 0.4 0.8 0.7 Barclays Partner Finance 1,258 0.8 0.4 1.2 1.2 Barclays US Consumer Bank US cards2 25,906 2.8 1.6 3.8 3.7 As at 31.12.24 Barclays UK UK cards1 15,781 0.7 0.2 1.1 0.9 UK personal loans1 8,051 1.0 0.4 0.7 0.5 Barclays Partner Finance 1,609 0.6 0.3 1.0 1.0 Barclays US Consumer Bank US cards2 28,548 3.0 1.6 3.8 3.7 1 Includes Tesco Bank. Tesco Bank arrears rates are calculated using POCI balances adjusted to fair value. 2 Includes a co-branded card portfolio in USCB, classified as held for sale (see table below). UK cards: Gross exposure increased from £15.8bn to £16.5bn following a growth in spend and new promotional balance lending. 30 and 90 day arrears rates remained stable at 0.7% (2024: 0.7%) and 0.2% (2024: 0.2%) respectively. Gross and net write-off rates reduced to 0.9% (2024: 1.1%) and 0.8% (2024: 0.9%) reflecting the impact of reduced flow into delinquency in 2024 flowing into write-off. UK personal loans: Gross exposure increased from £8.1bn to £8.4bn due to a growth in new lending. 30 and 90 day arrears rates remained stable at 1.0% (2024: 1.0%) and 0.4% (2024: 0.4%) respectively. Gross and net write off rates increased to 0.8% (2024: 0.7%) and 0.7% (2024: 0.5%) reflecting increased average balances flowing through to write-off. Barclays Partner Finance: 30 and 90 day arrears rates increased to 0.8% (2024: 0.6%) and 0.4% (2024: 0.3%) respectively as total exposure reduced to £1.3bn (2024: £1.6bn) due to a strategic decision to reduce the number of active partner businesses. Both annualised gross and net write off rates increased to 1.2% (2024: 1.0%) following the reduction in gross exposure. US cards: 30 day arrears rate decreased to 2.8% (2024: 3.0%) and 90 day arrears rate remained flat at 1.6% (2024: 1.6%) in line with seasonal expectations. Gross and net write-off rates remained stable. Retail Credit Cards and Retail Other held for sale Gross exposure 30 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book 90 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book Annualised gross writeoff rate Annualised net write-off rate As at 30.06.25 £m % % % % Barclays US Consumer Bank 5,653 1.7 0.9 1.9 1.8 As at 31.12.24 Barclays US Consumer Bank 6,241 1.3 0.5 2.0 2.0 Head Office - German consumer finance business 3,733 1.8 0.9 1.3 1.2 Assets held for sale This table presents a co-branded card portfolio in USCB classified as assets held for sale. Further, the sale of the German consumer finance business was completed in Q125. Barclays PLC 47

Loans and advances by product Loans and advances to customers classified as assets held for sale Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage Gross ECL Coverage As at 30.06.25 £m £m % £m £m % £m £m % £m £m % Retail credit cards US 4,988 55 1.1 613 139 22.7 52 42 80.8 5,653 236 4.2 Retail credit cards Germany — — — — — — — — — — — — Retail other Germany — — — — — — — — — — — — Corporate loans US 43 1 2.3 7 2 28.6 1 1 100.0 51 4 7.8 Total Rest of the World 5,031 56 1.1 620 141 22.7 53 43 81.1 5,704 240 4.2 As at 31.12.24 Retail credit cards US 5,495 64 1.2 689 161 23.4 57 46 80.7 6,241 271 4.3 Retail credit cards Germany 1,908 18 0.9 307 29 9.4 93 69 74.2 2,308 116 5.0 Retail other Germany 1,134 16 1.4 220 33 15.0 71 48 67.6 1,425 97 6.8 Corporate loans US 49 1 2.0 9 3 33.3 1 1 100.0 59 5 8.5 Total Rest of the World 8,586 99 1.2 1,225 226 18.4 222 164 73.9 10,033 489 4.9 Management adjustments to models for impairment Management adjustments to models for impairment allowance presented by product Impairment allowance pre management adjustments Economic uncertainty adjustments1 Other adjustments Management adjustments Total impairment allowance Proportion of Management adjustments to Total impairment allowance As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m % Retail credit cards - US 235 6 — 6 241 2.5 Retail credit cards - Germany — — — — — — Retail other - Germany — — — — — — Corporate loans - US 4 — — — 4 — Total Rest of the World 239 6 — 6 245 2.4 As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m £m £m % Retail credit cards - US 277 — — — 277 — Retail credit cards - Germany 101 — 16 16 117 13.7 Retail other - Germany 80 — 17 17 97 17.5 Corporate loans - US 5 — — — 5 — Total Rest of the World 463 — 33 33 496 6.7 1 Economic uncertainty adjustment of £ 6m (December 2024: £ nil) reflects an adjustment introduced during the year to provide for the elevated US macroeconomic uncertainty and reported in Stage 2. Barclays PLC 48

Analysis of management value at risk (VaR) The table below shows the total management VaR on a diversified basis by asset class. Total management VaR includes all trading positions in Barclays Group and it is calculated with a one-day holding period. VaR limits are applied to total management VaR and by asset class. Additionally, the market risk management function applies VaR sub-limits to material businesses and trading desks. Management VaR (95%) by asset class Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 31.12.24 Half year ended 30.06.24 Average High Low Average High Low Average High Low £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit risk 16 20 13 20 24 17 22 27 19 Interest rate risk 15 25 5 14 22 7 16 25 9 Equity risk 8 14 5 5 12 2 6 9 4 Basis risk 5 7 4 5 6 4 6 8 4 Spread risk 5 7 4 4 7 3 5 7 4 Foreign exchange risk 4 7 3 4 7 3 4 9 2 Commodity risk — 1 — — 1 — — 1 — Inflation risk 5 8 3 4 5 2 4 5 2 Diversification effect1 (39) n/a n/a (32) n/a n/a (34) n/a n/a Total management VaR 19 30 10 24 32 15 29 36 20 1 Diversification effects recognise that forecast losses from different assets or businesses are unlikely to occur concurrently, hence the expected aggregate loss is lower than the sum of the expected losses from each area. Historical correlations between losses are taken into account in making these assessments. The high and low VaR figures reported for each category did not necessarily occur on the same day as the high and low total management VaR. Consequently, a diversification effect balance for the high and low VaR figures would not be meaningful and is therefore omitted from the above table. Average Management VaR decreased 21% to £19m (H224: £24m). The decrease is due to a combination of a reduction in the size of the funded, fair value leverage loan exposure in Q1 2025, as well as an overall prudent risk positioning during the market volatility in Q2 2025. Market Risk Barclays PLC 49

The Group has established a comprehensive set of policies, standards and controls for managing its liquidity risk; together these set out the requirements for Barclays’ liquidity risk framework. The liquidity risk framework meets the PRA standards and enables Barclays to maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality, and a funding profile that is appropriate to meet the Group’s Liquidity Risk Appetite. The liquidity risk framework is delivered via a combination of policy formation, review and challenge, governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring. Liquidity risk stress testing The Internal Liquidity Stress Tests (ILST) measure the potential contractual and contingent stress outflows under a range of scenarios, which are then used to determine the size of the liquidity pool that is immediately available to meet anticipated outflows if a stress occurs. The short-term scenarios include a 30 day Barclays-specific stress event, a 90 day market-wide stress event and a 30 day combined scenario consisting of both a Barclays specific and market-wide stress event. The Group also runs a liquidity stress test which measures the anticipated outflows over a 12 month market-wide scenario. The LCR requirement takes into account the relative stability of different sources of funding and potential incremental funding requirements in a stress. The LCR is designed to promote short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk profile by holding sufficient high quality liquid assets to survive an acute stress scenario lasting for 30 days. Barclays is prospectively implementing new methodology for calculating net stress outflows related to secured financing transactions in the LCR. This change materialises from June 2025, with the Group headline ratio expected to contract over time from recent elevated levels whilst remaining broadly within range s reported over recent years. The revised methodology models a more asymmetric unwind of client activity, resulting in a higher net outflow calculation. Barclays has always maintained, and intends to continue to maintain, a significant liquidity buffer which allows for this impact to be readily absorbed within the Group surplus. As at 30 June 2025 the average LCR was 177.7% (December 2024: 172.4%). The Group held eligible liquid assets in excess of 100% of net stress outflows as measured according to both its internal ILST and external regulatory requirements. Liquidity coverage ratio1 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 £bn £bn LCR Eligible High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) 309.7 304.4 Net stress outflows (174.7) (176.9) Surplus 135.0 127.5 Liquidity coverage ratio 177.7% 172.4% 1 Represents the average of the last 12 spot month end ratios. Net Stable Funding Ratio The external NSFR metric requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile taking into account both on and certain offbalance sheet exposures over a medium to long term period. The ratio is defined as the Available Stable Funding (capital and certain liabilities which are treated as stable sources of funding) relative to the Required Stable Funding (a measure of assets on the balance sheet and certain off-balance sheet exposures which may require longer term funding). The NSFR (average of last four quarter ends) as at 30 June 2025 was 135.6%, w hich was a surplus above the regulatory requirement of £166.6bn.

Net Stable Funding Ratio2 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 £bn £bn Total Available Stable Funding 634.2 629.6 Total Required Stable Funding 467.6 466.7 Surplus 166.6 162.9 Net Stable Funding Ratio 135.6% 134.9% 2 Represents average of the last four spot quarter end ratios. As part of the liquidity risk appetite, Barclays establishes minimum LCR, NSFR and internal liquidity stress test limits. The Group plans to maintain its surplus to the internal and regulatory requirements at an efficient level. Risks to market funding conditions, the Group’s liquidity position and funding profile are assessed continuously, and actions are taken to manage the size of the liquidity pool and the funding profile as appropriate. Barclays PLC 50

Composition of the Group liquidity pool LCR eligible1 High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) Liquidity pool Cash Level 1 Level 2A Level 2B Total 2025 2024 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Cash and deposits with central banks2 217 0 0 0 217 235 216 Government bonds3 AAA to AA- 72 3 75 72 55 A+ to A- 2 2 2 2 BBB+ to BBB- 1 1 1 1 Total government bonds 75 3 78 75 58 Other Government Guaranteed Issuers, PSEs and GSEs 4 2 6 9 9 International Organisations and MDBs 9 9 8 7 Covered bonds 2 4 6 6 7 Other 2 2 1 Total other 15 6 2 23 24 23 Total as at 30 June 2025 217 90 9 2 318 334 Total as at 31 December 2024 196 74 9 2 281 297 1 The LCR eligible HQLA is adjusted under the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (CRR) P art of the PRA Rulebook for operational restrictions upon consolidation, such as trapped liquidity within Barclays subsidiaries. It also reflects differences in eligibility of assets between the LCR and Barclays’ Liquidity Pool. 2 Includes cash held at central banks and surplus cash at central banks related to payment schemes. Over 99% (December 2024: over 98%) was placed with the Bank of England, US Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan and Swiss National Bank. 3 Of which over 86% (December 2024: over 85%) comprised UK, US, French, German, Japanese, Swiss and Dutch securities. The Group liquidity pool was £333.7bn as at June 2025, increased by £36.8 vs December 2024 (December 2024: £296.9bn). In H125, the month-end liquidity pool ranged from £326bn to £341bn (2024: £297bn to £341bn), and the month-end average balance was £333bn (2024: £322bn). The liquidity pool is held unencumbered and represents readily accessible funds to meet potential cash outflows during stress periods. As at 30 June 2025, 66% (December 2024: 60%) of the liquidity pool was located in Barclays Bank PLC, 19% (December 2024: 23%) in Barclays Bank UK PLC and 9% (December 2024: 9%) in Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. The residual portion of the liquidity pool is held outside of these entities, predominantly in US subsidiaries, to meet entity-specific stress outflows and local regulatory requirements. To the extent the use of this residual portion of the liquidity pool is restricted due to local regulatory requirements, it is assumed to be unavailable to the rest of the Group in calculating the LCR. The composition of the pool is subject to limits set by the Board and the independent liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk functions. In addition, the investment of the liquidity pool is monitored for concentration by issuer, currency and asset type. Given returns generated by these highly liquid assets, the risk and reward profile is continuously managed. Barclays PLC 51

Deposit funding As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Loans and advances, debt securities at amortised cost Deposits at amortised cost Loan: deposit ratio1 Loan: deposit ratio1 Funding of loans and advances £bn £bn % % Barclays UK 227 241 94 92 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 28 85 33 31 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management 15 67 22 21 Barclays Investment Bank 126 149 85 88 Barclays US consumer Bank 19 23 83 91 Head Office 3 — Barclays Group 418 565 74 74 1 The loan: deposit ratio is calculated as loans and advances at amortised cost and debt securities at amortised cost divided by deposits at amortised cost. Funding structure and funding relationships The basis for sound liquidity risk management is a funding structure that reduces the probability of a liquidity stress leading to an inability to meet funding obligations as they fall due. The Group’s overall funding strategy is to develop a diversified funding base (geographically, by type and by counterparty) and maintain access to a variety of alternative funding sources, to provide protection against unexpected fluctuations, while minimising the cost of funding. Within this, the Group aims to align the sources and uses of funding. As such, retail and corporate loans and advances are largely funded by deposits in the relevant entities, with the surplus primarily funding the liquidity pool. The majority of reverse repurchase agreements are matched by repurchase agreements. Derivative liabilities and assets are largely matched. A substantial proportion of balance sheet derivative positions qualify for counterparty netting and the remaining portions are largely offset when netted against cash collateral received and paid. Wholesale debt and equity is used to fund residual assets. These funding relationships as at 30 June 2025 are summarised below: As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Assets £bn £bn Liabilities and equity £bn £bn Loans and advances at amortised cost1 390 392 Deposits at amortised cost 565 561 Group liquidity pool 334 297 <1 Year wholesale funding 73 55 >1 Year wholesale funding 131 131 Reverse repurchase agreements, trading portfolio assets, cash collateral and settlement balances 507 433 Repurchase agreements, trading portfolio liabilities, cash collateral and settlement balances 430 358 Derivative financial instruments 280 294 Derivative financial instruments 265 279 Other assets2 88 102 Other liabilities 59 62 Equity 76 72 Total assets 1,599 1,518 Total liabilities and equity 1,599 1,518 1 Adjusted for liquidity pool debt securities reported at amortised cost of £28bn (December 2024: £22bn). 2 Other assets include fair value assets that are not part of reverse repurchase agreements or trading portfolio assets, and other asset categories. Composition of wholesale funding Wholesale funding outstanding (excluding repurchase agreements) was £203.5bn (December 2024: £186.0bn). In H125, the Group issued £10.3bn of MREL eligible instruments from Barclays PLC (the Parent company) in a range of tenors and currencies. Our operating companies also access wholesale funding markets to maintain their stable and diversified funding bases. Barclays Bank PLC continued to issue in the shorter-term and medium-term notes markets. In addition, Barclays Bank UK PLC continued to issue in the shorter-term markets and maintains active secured funding programmes. Barclays PLC 52

Wholesale funding of £72.8.bn (December 2024: £55.0bn) matures in less than one year, representing 36% (December 2024: 30%) of total wholesale funding outstanding. This includes £29.3bn (December 2024: £22.0bn) related to term funding1. Maturity profile of wholesale funding2 <1 month 1-3 months 3-6 months 6-12 months <1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years >5 years Total £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Barclays PLC (the Parent company) Senior unsecured (Public benchmark) — — — 3.9 3.9 5.7 6.7 6.6 4.7 26.7 54.3 Senior unsecured (Privately placed) — — — — — — — — 0.2 0.8 1.0 Subordinated liabilities — — — 1.5 1.5 — 1.5 — 1.0 7.4 11.4 Barclays Bank PLC (including subsidiaries) Senior unsecured (Privately placed)3 2.8 4.1 5.4 9.7 22.0 11.3 13.0 9.7 8.6 20.1 84.7 Certificates of deposit and commercial paper 3.0 3.1 11.9 9.8 27.8 0.3 — — — — 28.1 Asset backed commercial paper 4.1 6.7 1.3 — 12.1 — — — — — 12.1 Asset backed securities — — 0.7 0.4 1.1 0.2 0.2 0.5 — 2.5 4.5 Subordinated liabilities 0.1 0.1 — — 0.2 0.5 0.1 — — 0.3 1.1 Barclays Bank UK PLC (including subsidiaries) Senior unsecured (Privately placed) — — — — — — — — — 0.2 0.2 Certificates of deposit and commercial paper 3.6 — — — 3.6 — — — — — 3.6 Covered bonds — — — — — — 0.5 0.7 0.7 — 1.9 Asset backed securities — — — 0.6 0.6 — — — — — 0.6 Total as at 30 June 2025 13.6 14.0 19.3 25.9 72.8 18.0 22.0 17.5 15.2 58.0 203.5 Of which secured 4.1 6.7 2.0 1.0 13.8 0.2 0.7 1.2 0.7 2.5 19.1 Of which unsecured 9.5 7.3 17.3 24.9 59.0 17.8 21.3 16.3 14.5 55.5 184.4 Total as at 31 December 2024 7.9 21.3 11.9 13.9 55.0 23.0 17.5 18.6 15.1 56.8 186.0 Of which secured 2.4 8.8 2.1 0.8 14.1 1.1 0.5 0.9 0.6 3.3 20.5 Of which unsecured 5.5 12.5 9.8 13.1 40.9 21.9 17.0 17.7 14.5 53.5 165.5 1 Term funding comprises public benchmark and privately placed senior unsecured notes, covered bonds, asset-backed securities and subordinated debt where the original maturity of the instrument is more than 1 year. 2 The composition of wholesale funds comprises the balance sheet reported financial liabilities at fair value, debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities. It does not include participation in the central bank facilities reported within repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing. 3 Includes structured notes of £71.0bn, of which £19.1bn matures within one year. Barclays PLC 53

Credit ratings In addition to monitoring and managing key metrics related to the financial strength of the Group, Barclays solicits independent credit ratings from agencies such as Standard & Poor’s Global (S&P), Moody’s and Fitch. These ratings assess the creditworthiness of the Group, its subsidiaries and its branches, and are based on reviews of a broad range of business and financial attributes including capital strength, profitability, funding, liquidity, asset quality, strategy and governance. Barclays Bank PLC Standard & Poor's Moody's Fitch Long-term A+ / Stable A1 / Stable A+ / Stable Short-term A-1 P-1 F1 Barclays Bank UK PLC Long-term A+ / Stable A11 / Stable A+ / Stable Short-term A-1 P-11 F1 Barclays PLC Long-term BBB+ / Stable Baa1 / Stable A / Stable Short-term A-2 P-2 F1 1 Deposit ratings. In H125, S&P and Fitch affirmed all ratings for Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC. A credit rating downgrade could result in outflows to meet collateral requirements on existing contracts. Outflows related to credit rating downgrades are included in the ILST scenarios and a portion of the liquidity pool is held against this risk. Credit ratings downgrades could also result in reduced funding capacity and increased funding costs. A one and two-notch long-term downgrade, with associated short-term downgrades, across all credit ratings agencies would result in outflows of £1bn and £3bn respectively on derivative contracts and other off balance sheet products to satisfy the contractual collateral requirements. This is provided for in determining an appropriate liquidity pool size given the Group’s liquidity risk appetite. These numbers do not assume any management or restructuring actions that could be taken to reduce posting requirements. Barclays PLC 54

Regulatory minimum requirements Capital As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s Overall Capital Requirement for CET1 was 12.2% and comprises a 4.5% Pillar 1 minimum, a 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB), a 1.5% Global Systemically Important Institution (G-SII) buffer, a 2.7% Pillar 2A requirement and a 1.0% Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB). The Group’s CCyB is based on the buffer rate applicable for each jurisdiction in which the Group has exposures. The buffer rates set by other national authorities for non-UK exposures are not currently material. The Group’s Pillar 2A requirement is 4.8% with at least 56.25% to be met with CET1 capital, equating to 2.7% of RWAs. The Pillar 2A requirement, based on a point in time assessment, has been set as a proportion of RWAs and is subject to at least annual review. The Group’s CET1 target ratio of 13-14% takes into account minimum capital requirements and applicable buffers. The Group remains above its minimum capital regulatory requirements and applicable buffers. Leverage As at 30 June 2025, the Group was subject to a UK leverage ratio requirement of 4.2%. This comprises the 3.25% minimum requirement, a G-SII additional leverage ratio buffer (G-SII ALRB) of 0.53% and a countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) of 0.4%. The Group is also required to disclose an average UK leverage ratio which is based on capital on the last day of each month in the quarter and an exposure measure for each day in the quarter. MREL As at 30 June 2025, the Group was required to meet the higher of: (i) two times the sum of 8% Pillar 1 and 4.8% Pillar 2A equating to 25.7% of RWAs; and (ii) 6.75% of leverage exposures. In addition, the higher of regulatory capital and leverage buffers apply. CET1 capital cannot be counted towards both MREL and the buffers, meaning that the buffers, including the confidential institution-specific PRA buffer, will effectively be applied above MREL requirements. Barclays PLC 55

Capital ratios1,2 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.03.25 As at 31.12.24 CET1 14.0% 13.9% 13.6% T1 17.8% 17.7% 16.9% Total regulatory capital 20.5% 20.6% 19.6% MREL ratio as a percentage of total RWAs 35.4% 36.2% 34.4% Own funds and eligible liabilities £m £m £m Total equity excluding non-controlling interests per the balance sheet 75,906 74,880 71,821 Less: other equity instruments (recognised as AT1 capital) (13,266) (13,263) (12,075) Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable ordinary share dividends (600) (1,086) (786) Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable repurchase of shares (171) (664) — Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable other equity coupons (37) (49) (35) Other regulatory adjustments and deductions Additional value adjustments (PVA) (1,887) (1,795) (2,051) Goodwill and intangible assets (8,158) (8,247) (8,272) Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding temporary differences (1,303) (1,408) (1,451) Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges 1,210 2,378 2,930 Excess of expected losses over impairment (331) (306) (403) Gains or losses on liabilities at fair value resulting from own credit 456 799 981 Defined benefit pension fund assets (2,177) (2,326) (2,367) Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments (5) (4) (1) Adjustment under IFRS 9 transitional arrangements — — 138 Other regulatory adjustments (92) (115) 129 CET1 capital 49,545 48,794 48,558 AT1 capital Capital instruments and related share premium accounts 13,289 13,289 12,108 Other regulatory adjustments and deductions (23) (26) (32) AT1 capital 13,266 13,263 12,076 T1 capital 62,811 62,057 60,634 T2 capital Capital instruments and related share premium accounts 9,498 9,988 9,150 Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries 76 337 367 Other regulatory adjustments and deductions (81) (43) (33) Total regulatory capital 72,304 72,339 70,118 Less : Ineligible T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries (76) (337) (367) Eligible liabilities 52,733 55,159 53,547 Total own funds and eligible liabilities3 124,961 127,161 123,298 Total RWAs 353,043 351,314 358,127 1 2024 comparatives for Capital and RWAs have been calculated applying the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements in accordance with the CRR. Effective from 1 January 2025, the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements no longer applied. 2 2024 and Q1 2025 comparatives for total capital were calculated applying the grandfathering of certain capital instruments within Tier 2 capital. Effective from 29 June 2025, the grandfathered instruments no longer qualified as Tier 2 capital. 3 As at 3 0 June 2025, the Group's MREL requirement, excluding the institution-specific confidential PRA buffer, was to hold £108 .3bn of own funds and eligible liabilities equating to 30.7% of RWAs. The Group remains above its MREL regulatory requirement including the institution-specific confidential PRA buffer. Barclays PLC 56

Movement in CET1 capital Three months ended 30.06.25 Six months ended 30.06.25 £m £m Opening CET1 capital 48,794 48,558 Profit for the period attributable to equity holders 1,911 4,007 Own credit relating to derivative liabilities 6 (11) Ordinary share dividends paid and foreseen (300) (600) Purchased and foreseeable share repurchase — (1,000) Other equity coupons paid and foreseen (240) (486) Increase in retained regulatory capital generated from earnings 1,377 1,910 Net impact of share schemes 201 (48) Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve 175 408 Currency translation reserve (1,025) (1,571) Other reserves (69) (67) Decrease in other qualifying reserves (718) (1,278) Pension remeasurements within reserves (152) (200) Defined benefit pension fund asset deduction 149 190 Net impact of pensions (3) (10) Additional value adjustments (PVA) (92) 164 Goodwill and intangible assets 89 114 Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences 105 148 Excess of expected loss over impairment (25) 72 Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments (1) (4) Adjustment under IFRS 9 transitional arrangements — (138) Other regulatory adjustments 19 9 Increase in regulatory capital due to adjustments and deductions 95 365 Closing CET1 capital 49,545 49,545 CET1 capital increased by £1.0bn to £49.5bn (December 2024: £48.6bn). Significant movements in the period were: • £4.0bn of capital generated from profit partially offset by distributions of £2.1bn comprising: – £1.0bn of completed share buybacks announced with FY24 results – £0.6bn accrual towards the total 2025 dividend – £0.5bn of equity coupons paid and foreseen • £1.3bn decrease in other qualifying reserves including a £1.6bn reduction in the currency translation reserve primarily as a result of the strengthening of spot GBP against USD, partially offset by a £0.4bn gain in the fair value through other comprehensive income reserve. Barclays PLC 57

RWAs by risk type and business Credit risk Counterparty credit risk Market Risk Operational risk Total RWAs STD IRB STD IRB Settlement Risk CVA STD IMA As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Barclays UK 16,186 56,362 130 9 — 83 145 — 13,196 86,111 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 3,993 16,917 134 387 — 12 2 562 3,282 25,289 Barclays Private Bank & Wealth Management 4,892 497 172 26 1 19 49 394 1,870 7,920 Barclays Investment Bank 38,634 46,858 23,025 22,135 121 3,779 13,257 24,343 24,293 196,445 Barclays US Consumer Bank 18,900 889 — 6 — — — — 4,856 24,651 Head Office 5,622 5,662 1 6 — 2 13 98 1,223 12,627 Barclays Group 88,227 127,185 23,462 22,569 122 3,895 13,466 25,397 48,720 353,043 As at 31.03.25 Barclays UK 15,346 56,050 140 5 — 47 184 — 13,196 84,968 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 3,780 16,213 105 348 — 11 2 471 3,282 24,212 Barclays Private Bank & Wealth Management 5,025 495 127 51 — 18 48 330 1,870 7,964 Barclays Investment Bank 40,169 45,915 22,924 22,540 139 3,190 13,458 23,306 24,293 195,934 Barclays US Consumer Bank 19,723 993 — — — — — — 4,856 25,572 Head Office 5,516 5,808 1 13 — 2 19 82 1,223 12,664 Barclays Group 89,559 125,474 23,297 22,957 139 3,268 13,711 24,189 48,720 351,314 As at 31.12.24 Barclays UK 15,516 55,301 146 11 — 74 228 — 13,181 84,457 Barclays UK Corporate Bank 3,932 15,680 106 336 — 12 16 548 3,282 23,912 Barclays Private Bank & Wealth Management 5,058 434 118 31 — 16 44 330 1,859 7,890 Barclays Investment Bank 40,957 49,231 21,889 24,094 70 2,913 12,442 23,023 24,164 198,783 Barclays US Consumer Bank 21,019 966 — — — — — — 4,864 26,849 Head Office 6,580 8,162 1 20 — 4 — 212 1,257 16,236 Barclays Group 93,062 129,774 22,260 24,492 70 3,019 12,730 24,113 48,607 358,127 Movement analysis of RWAs Credit risk Counterparty credit risk Market risk Operational risk Total RWAs £m £m £m £m £m RWAs as at 31.12.24 222,836 49,841 36,843 48,607 358,127 Book size 2,661 2,760 2,803 113 8,337 Acquisitions and disposals (3,299) — — — (3,299) Book quality (1,121) (121) — — (1,242) Model updates 304 68 — — 372 Methodology and policy (242) (189) — — (431) Foreign exchange movements1 (5,727) (2,311) (783) — (8,821) Total RWA movements (7,424) 207 2,020 113 (5,084) RWAs as at 30.06.25 215,412 50,048 38,863 48,720 353,043 1 Foreign exchange movements does not include the impact of foreign exchange for modelled market risk or operational risk. Overall RWAs decreased £5.1bn to £353.0bn (Dec 2024: £358.1bn). Credit risk RWAs decreased £7.4bn: • A £2.7bn increase in book size primarily reflecting continued lending growth in Barclays UK and UKCB • A £3.3bn decrease in acquisitions and disposals reflecting the sale of the German Consumer Finance business • A £1.1bn decrease in book quality RWAs primarily driven by improvements in credit quality within the Barclays UK mortgages portfolio • A £5.7bn decrease as a result of foreign exchange movements primarily due to the strengthening of spot GBP against USD Counterparty credit risk RWAs increased £0.2bn: • A £2.8bn increase in book size primarily driven by client derivative activity within Global Markets, offset by a £2.3bn decrease as a result of foreign exchange movements primarily due to the strengthening of spot GBP against USD Market risk RWAs increased £2.0bn: • A £2.8bn increase in book size within Global Markets, partially offset by foreign exchange movements primarily due to the strengthening of spot GBP against USD Barclays PLC 58

Leverage ratios1 As at 30.06.25 As at 31.03.25 As at 31.12.24 £m £m £m UK leverage ratio2 5.0% 5.0% 5.0% T1 capital 62,811 62,057 60,634 UK leverage exposure 1,259,772 1,252,827 1,206,502 Average UK leverage ratio 4.7% 4.6% 4.6% Average T1 capital 61,716 61,641 60,291 Average UK leverage exposure 1,324,772 1,340,481 1,308,335 1 2024 comparatives for UK leverage ratios have been calculated applying the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements in accordance with the CRR. Effective from 1 January 2025, the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements no longer applied. 2 Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of T1 capital, the leverage ratio buffers and 75% of the minimum requirement must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against the 0.53% G-SII ALRB was £6.6bn and against the 0.4% CCLB was £5.0bn. The UK leverage ratio remained stable at 5.0% (December 2024: 5.0%), as the leverage exposure increased by £53.3bn to £1,259.8bn (December 2024: £1,206.5bn) offset by an increase of £2.2bn in Tier 1 capital. The increase in leverage exposure was largely driven by an increase in trading activity in IB, partially offset by the strengthening of spot GBP against USD. Barclays PLC 59

The Directors (the names of whom are set out below) are required to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is not appropriate to do so. In making this assessment, the directors have considered information relating to present and future conditions. Each of the Directors confirm that to the best of their knowledge, the condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’, as adopted by the UK, and that the interim management report herein includes a fair review of the information required by Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules 4.2.7R and 4.2.8R namely: • an indication of important events that have occurred during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and their impact on the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the financial year • any related party transactions in the six months ended 30 June 2025 that have materially affected the financial position or performance of Barclays during that period and any changes in the related party transactions described in the last Annual Report that could have a material effect on the financial position or performance of Barclays in the six months ended 30 June 2025 Signed on 28 July 2025 on behalf of the Board by C.S. Venkatakrishnan Anna Cross Group Chief Executive Group Finance Director Barclays PLC Board of Directors Chairman Executive Directors Non-Executive Directors Nigel Higgins C.S. Venkatakrishnan Robert Berry Anna Cross Dawn Fitzpatrick Mary Francis CBE Brian Gilvary Sir John Kingman Diony Lebot Mary Mack Marc Moses Brian Shea Julia Wilson Statement of Directors' Responsibilities Barclays PLC 60

Conclusion We have been engaged by Barclays PLC (“the Company” or “the Group”) to review the condensed set of financial statements in the Interim Results Announcement for the six months ended 30 June 2025 which comprises: • the condensed consolidated income statement and condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the period then ended; • the condensed consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2025; • the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the period then ended; • the condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the period then ended; and • the related explanatory notes. Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed set of financial statements in the Interim Results Announcement for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting as adopted for use in the UK and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (“the DTR”) of the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (“the UK FCA”). Basis for conclusion We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK) 2410 Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity (“ISRE (UK) 2410”) issued for use in the UK. A review of interim financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. We read the other information contained in the Interim Results Announcement and consider whether it contains any apparent misstatements or material inconsistencies with the information in the condensed set of financial statements. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. Conclusions relating to going concern Based on our review procedures, which are less extensive than those performed in an audit as described in the Basis for conclusion section of this report, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the directors have inappropriately adopted the going concern basis of accounting, or that the directors have identified material uncertainties relating to going concern that have not been appropriately disclosed. This conclusion is based on the review procedures performed in accordance with ISRE (UK) 2410. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern, and the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group will continue in operation. Directors’ responsibilities The Interim Results Announcement is the responsibility of, and has been approved by, the directors. The directors are responsible for preparing the Interim Results Announcement in accordance with the DTR of the UK FCA. As disclosed in note 1, the annual financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards. The directors are responsible for preparing the condensed set of financial statements included in the Interim Results Announcement in accordance with IAS 34 as adopted for use in the UK. In preparing the condensed set of financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. Our responsibility Our responsibility is to express to the Company a conclusion on the condensed set of financial statements in the Interim Results Announcement based on our review. Our conclusion, including our conclusions relating to going concern, are based on procedures that are less extensive than audit procedures, as described in the Basis for conclusion section of this report. Barclays PLC 61

The purpose of our review work and to whom we owe our responsibilities This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with the terms of our engagement to assist the Company in meeting the requirements of the DTR of the UK FCA. Our review has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company those matters we are required to state to it in this report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company for our review work, for this report, or for the conclusions we have reached. Stuart Crisp for and on behalf of KPMG LLP Chartered Accountants 15 Canada Square London, E14 5GL 28th July 2025 Barclays PLC 62

Condensed consolidated income statement (unaudited) ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Notes1 £m £m Interest and similar income 18,264 18,642 Interest and similar expense (11,242) (12,514) Net interest income 7,022 6,128 Fee and commission income 3 5,656 5,429 Fee and commission expense 3 (1,972) (1,691) Net fee and commission income 3 3,684 3,738 Net trading income 4,171 3,228 Net investment (expense)/ income (18) 160 Other income 37 23 Total income 14,896 13,277 Staff costs 4 (5,254) (4,964) Infrastructure, administration and general expenses 5 (3,153) (3,033) UK regulatory levies (96) (120) Litigation and conduct (87) (64) Operating expenses (8,590) (8,181) Share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures 9 16 Profit before impairment 6,315 5,112 Credit impairment charges (1,112) (897) Profit before tax 5,203 4,215 Tax charge (1,173) (892) Profit after tax 4,030 3,323 Attributable to: Shareholders of the parent 3,523 2,787 Other equity holders 484 510 Equity holders of the parent 4,007 3,297 Non-controlling interests 23 26 Profit after tax 4,030 3,323 Earnings per share Basic earnings per ordinary share 6 24.7p 18.6p Diluted earnings per ordinary share 6 23.8p 18.1p

1 For Notes to the Financial Statements see pages 69 to 89. Barclays PLC 63

Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (unaudited) ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Notes1 £m £m Profit after tax 4,030 3,323 Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be recycled to profit or loss:2 Currency translation reserve 14 (1,571) (84) Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve 14 408 (269) Cash flow hedging reserve 14 1,720 (90) Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be recycled to profit 557 (443) Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss:2 Retirement benefit remeasurements 13 (200) (97) Own credit 14 516 (462) Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit 316 (559) Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 873 (1,002) Total comprehensive income for the period 4,903 2,321 Attributable to: Equity holders of the parent 4,880 2,295 Non-controlling interests 23 26 Total comprehensive income for the period 4,903 2,321 1 For Notes to the Financial Statements see pages 69 to 89. 2 Reported net of tax. Barclays PLC 64

Condensed consolidated balance sheet (unaudited) 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Assets Notes1 £m £m Cash and balances at central banks 225,723 210,184 Cash collateral and settlement balances 152,316 119,843 Debt securities at amortised cost 69,936 68,210 Loans and advances at amortised cost to banks 8,697 8,327 Loans and advances at amortised cost to customers 339,131 337,946 Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending at amortised cost 7,917 4,734 Trading portfolio assets 187,223 166,453 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 218,552 193,734 Derivative financial instruments 8 280,194 293,530 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 77,311 78,059 Investments in associates and joint ventures 913 891 Goodwill and intangible assets 10 8,186 8,275 Property, plant and equipment 3,504 3,604 Current tax assets 174 155 Deferred tax assets 5,241 6,321 Retirement benefit assets 13 2,997 3,263 Assets included in a disposal group classified as held for sale 5,585 9,854 Other assets 5,100 4,819 Total assets 1,598,700 1,518,202 Liabilities Deposits at amortised cost from banks 19,348 13,203 Deposits at amortised cost from customers 545,187 547,460 Cash collateral and settlement balances 140,011 106,229 Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowings at amortised cost 35,469 39,415 Debt securities in issue 104,910 92,402 Subordinated liabilities 11 12,529 11,921 Trading portfolio liabilities 69,305 56,908 Financial liabilities designated at fair value 317,485 282,224 Derivative financial instruments 8 265,376 279,415 Current tax liabilities 905 566 Deferred tax liabilities 18 18 Retirement benefit liabilities 13 244 240 Provisions 12 1,364 1,383 Liabilities included in a disposal group classified as held for sale — 3,726 Other liabilities 10,194 10,611 Total liabilities 1,522,345 1,445,721 Equity Called up share capital and share premium 4,201 4,186 Other reserves 14 693 (468) Retained earnings 57,746 56,028 Shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent 62,640 59,746 Other equity instruments 13,266 12,075 Total equity excluding non-controlling interests 75,906 71,821 Non-controlling interests2 449 660 Total equity 76,355 72,481 Total liabilities and equity 1,598,700 1,518,202 1 For Notes to the Financial Statements see pages 69 to 89. 2 On 16 June 2025, Barclays Bank PLC redeemed and cancelled the outstanding 4.75% Non-Cumulative Callable Euro Preference Series 2 Shares. The principal outstanding was €319m. The movement of £211m in non-controlling interests relates to transfer of the share premium from the original issuance to retained earnings. Barclays PLC 65

share capital and share premium1,2 Other equity instruments3 Other reserves4 Retained earnings Total Noncontrolling interests5 Total equity Half year ended 30.06.2025 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Balance as at 1 January 2025 4,186 12,075 (468) 56,028 71,821 660 72,481 Profit after tax — 484 — 3,523 4,007 23 4,030 Currency translation movements — — (1,571) — (1,571) — (1,571) Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve — — 408 — 408 — 408 Cash flow hedges — — 1,720 — 1,720 — 1,720 Retirement benefit remeasurements — — — (200) (200) — (200) Own credit — — 516 — 516 — 516 Total comprehensive income for the period — 484 1,073 3,323 4,880 23 4,903 Employee share schemes and hedging thereof 82 — — 669 751 — 751 Issue and redemption of other equity instruments — 1,182 — (5) 1,177 — 1,177 Other equity instruments coupon paid — (484) — — (484) — (484) Redemption of preference shares — — — (59) (59) (211) (270) Vesting of employee share schemes net of purchases — — 19 (585) (566) — (566) Dividends paid — — — (791) (791) (23) (814) Repurchase of shares (67) — 67 (834) (834) — (834) Other movements — 9 2 — 11 — 11 Balance as at 30 June 2025 4,201 13,266 693 57,746 75,906 449 76,355 Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity (unaudited) Called up share capital and share premium1, 2 Other equity instruments3 Other reserves4 Retained earnings Total Noncontrolling interests Total equity Half year ended 31.12.2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Balance as at 1 July 2024 4,256 12,959 (882) 54,840 71,173 660 71,833 Profit after tax — 481 — 2,529 3,010 23 3,033 Currency translation movements — — 38 — 38 — 38 Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve — — (238) — (238) — (238) Cash flow hedges — — 867 — 867 — 867 Retirement benefit remeasurements — — — (206) (206) — (206) Own credit — — (360) — (360) — (360) Total comprehensive income for the period — 481 307 2,323 3,111 23 3,134 Employee share schemes and hedging thereof 38 — — 292 330 — 330 Issue and redemption of other equity instruments — (892) — (4) (896) — (896) Other equity instruments coupon paid — (481) — — (481) — (481) Vesting of employee shares scheme net of purchases — — (4) (20) (24) — (24) Dividends paid — — — (425) (425) (23) (448) Repurchase of shares (108) — 108 (978) (978) — (978) Other movements — 8 3 — 11 — 11 Balance as at 31 December 2024 4,186 12,075 (468) 56,028 71,821 660 72,481 Barclays PLC 66

share capital and share premium1, 2 Other equity instruments3 Other reserves4 Retained earnings Total Noncontrolling interests Total equity Half year ended 30.06.24 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Balance as at 1 January 2024 4,288 13,259 (77) 53,734 71,204 660 71,864 Profit after tax — 510 — 2,787 3,297 26 3,323 Currency translation movements — — (84) — (84) — (84) Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve — — (269) — (269) — (269) Cash flow hedges — — (90) — (90) — (90) Retirement benefit remeasurements — — — (97) (97) — (97) Own credit — — (462) — (462) — (462) Total comprehensive income for the period — 510 (905) 2,690 2,295 26 2,321 Employee share schemes and hedging thereof 65 — — 582 647 — 647 Issue and redemption of other equity instruments — (263) — (92) (355) — (355) Other equity instruments coupon paid — (510) — — (510) — (510) Vesting of employee shares scheme net of purchases — — 3 (488) (485) — (485) Dividends paid — — — (796) (796) (26) (822) Repurchase of shares (97) — 97 (782) (782) — (782) Other movements — (37) — (8) (45) — (45) Balance as at 30 June 2024 4,256 12,959 (882) 54,840 71,173 660 71,833 1 As at 30 June 2025, Called up share capital comprises 14,180m (December 2024: 14,420m) ordinary shares of 25p each. 2 During the six months ended 30 June 2025, Barclays PLC announced, alongside its FY24 results, a share buyback programme of £1,000m. This programme was partially executed during the period, with completion occurring on 24 July 2025. As part of this buyback, 270 million shares were repurchased and cancelled in the period. The nominal value of £ 67 million relating to these shares was transferred from Share capital to the Capital redemption reserve within Other reserves. In the year ended 31 December 2024, Barclays PLC completed two separate share buyback programmes totalling £ 1,750m. A total of 818 million shares were repurchased and cancelled, with a nominal value of £ 205 million transferred from Share capital to the Capital redemption reserve within Other reserves. 3 Other equity instruments of £13,266m (December 2024: £12,075m) comprise AT1 securities issued by Barclays PLC. There were two issuances in the form of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities for £ 2,177m (net of £9m issuance costs) and one redemption of £995m (net of £ 5m issuance costs, transferred to retained earnings on redemption) for the period ended 30 June 2025. During the period ended 31 December 2024, there were two issuances in the form of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities, for £ 1,598m, which includes issuance costs of £6m and two redemptions totalling £2,753m. 4 Details are shown in Note 14 - Other reserves on page 82. 5 On 16 June 2025, Barclays Bank PLC redeemed and cancelled the outstanding 4.75% Non-Cumulative Callable Euro Preference Series 2 Shares. The principal outstanding was €319m. The movement of £211m in non-controlling interests relates to transfer of the share premium from the original issuance to retained earnings. Barclays PLC 67

Condensed consolidated cash flow statement (unaudited) ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 £m £m Profit before tax 5,203 4,215 Adjustment for non-cash and other items 9,466 4,976 Net (increase)/decrease in loans and advances at amortised cost (1,950) 1,839 Net increase in deposits at amortised cost 3,872 18,663 Net increase/(decrease) in debt securities in issue 8,195 (1,686) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities (3,772) 10,103 Corporate income tax paid (712) (540) Net cash from operating activities 20,302 37,570 Net cash from investing activities (4,184) (16,333) Net cash from financing activities1 3,720 166 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (2,632) (1,624) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 17,206 19,779 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 235,611 248,007 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 252,817 267,786 1 Issuance and redemption of debt securities included in financing activities relate to instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities and satisfy regulatory requirements for MREL instruments which came into effect during 2019. Barclays PLC 68

1. Basis of preparation These condensed consolidated interim financial statements ("the financial statements") for the six months ended 30 June 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (DTR) of the UK’s FCA, and IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the UK. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. The annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 were prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations (IFRICs) as issued by the IASB and adopted by the UK. The accounting policies and methods of computation used in these condensed consolidated interim financial statements are the same as those used in the Barclays PLC Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. i. Going concern The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis, as the Directors are satisfied that the Group and parent company have the resources to continue in business for a period of at least 12 months from approval of the interim financial statements. In making this assessment, the Directors have considered a wide range of information relating to present and future conditions and includes a review of a working capital report (WCR). The WCR is used by the Directors to assess the future performance of the business and that it has the resources in place that are required to meet its ongoing regulatory requirements. The WCR also includes an assessment of the impact of internally generated stress testing scenarios on the liquidity and capital requirement forecasts. The stress tests used were based upon an assessment of reasonably possible downside economic scenarios that the Group could experience. The WCR indicated that the Group had sufficient capital in place to support its future business requirements and remained above its regulatory minimum requirements in the internal stress scenarios. ii. Other disclosures The Credit risk disclosures on pages 28 to 48 form part of these interim financial statements. Barclays PLC 69

2. Segmental reporting Analysis of results by business Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Half year ended 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 3,677 701 407 631 1,318 288 7,022 Non-interest income/(expense) 516 302 290 6,549 369 (152) 7,874 Total income 4,193 1,003 697 7,180 1,687 136 14,896 Of which inter-segmental income/ (expense) 1 985 915 (1,895) (3) (3) — Operating costs (2,283) (474) (472) (3,993) (803) (382) (8,407) UK regulatory levies (43) (24) (2) (27) — — (96) Litigation and conduct (29) (39) — (11) (3) (5) (87) Total operating expenses (2,355) (537) (474) (4,031) (806) (387) (8,590) Other net income1 — — — — — 9 9 Profit/(loss) before impairment 1,838 466 223 3,149 881 (242) 6,315 Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (237) (31) 11 (139) (711) (5) (1,112) Profit/(loss) before tax 1,601 435 234 3,010 170 (247) 5,203 As at 30.06.25 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Total assets 299.7 68.2 41.8 1,133.1 31.4 24.5 1,598.7 Total liabilities 282.8 101.9 76.3 1,026.6 23.6 11.1 1,522.3 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Half year ended 30.06.24 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Net interest income 3,146 573 362 465 1,334 248 6,128 Non-interest income 567 304 270 5,882 344 (218) 7,149 Total income 3,713 877 632 6,347 1,678 30 13,277 Of which inter-segmental income/ (expense) (23) 1,221 1,045 (1,951) (3) (289) — Operating costs (2,048) (456) (434) (3,858) (796) (406) (7,997) UK regulatory levies (54) (30) (3) (33) — — (120) Litigation and conduct (6) — 1 (11) (4) (43) (64) Total operating expenses (2,108) (486) (436) (3,902) (800) (449) (8,181) Other net income — — — — — 16 16 Profit/(loss) before impairment 1,605 391 196 2,445 878 (403) 5,112 Credit impairment (charges)/releases (66) (23) 3 (34) (719) (58) (897) Profit/(loss) before tax 1,539 368 199 2,411 159 (461) 4,215 As at 31.12.24 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Total assets 299.8 61.2 34.1 1,053.9 35.4 33.8 1,518.2 Total liabilities 284.1 94.4 75.0 952.1 24.5 15.6 1,445.7 Inter-segmental income/( expense) refers to the internal charging of revenues between different business segments, reflecting how resources such as funding, capital, or services are utilised across the organisation. Segments which operate with a net customer deposit position contribute surplus deposits as a funding source for other Group segment activities. 1 Other net income/(expense) represents the share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, profit (or loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and gains on acquisitions. Barclays PLC 70

3. Net fee and commission income Fee and commission income is disaggregated below and includes a total for fees in scope of IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Refer to Note 2 - Segmental reporting for information about operating segments. Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Half year ended 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Fee type Transactional 608 229 15 171 1,333 140 2,496 Advisory — — 166 282 — — 448 Brokerage and execution 100 — 79 979 — — 1,158 Underwriting and syndication 18 51 — 1,391 — — 1,460 Other 6 — — — — 9 15 Total revenue from contracts with customers 732 280 260 2,823 1,333 149 5,577 Other non-contract fee income — 14 — 65 — — 79 Fee and commission income 732 294 260 2,888 1,333 149 5,656 Fee and commission expense (242) (46) (18) (675) (959) (32) (1,972) Net fee and commission income 490 248 242 2,213 374 117 3,684 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Half year ended 30.06.24 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Fee type Transactional 551 232 16 171 1,320 171 2,461 Advisory — — 156 325 — — 481 Brokerage and execution 107 — 62 776 — — 945 Underwriting and syndication 17 46 — 1,391 — — 1,454 Other 13 — — — — 6 19 Total revenue from contracts with customers 688 278 234 2,663 1,320 177 5,360 Other non-contract fee income — 11 — 58 — — 69 Fee and commission income 688 289 234 2,721 1,320 177 5,429 Fee and commission expense (177) (43) (19) (516) (893) (43) (1,691) Net fee and commission income 511 246 215 2,205 427 134 3,738 Fee types Transactional fees are service charges on deposit accounts, cash management services and transactional processing fees. These include interchange and merchant fee income generated from credit and bank card usage. Advisory fees are generated from wealth management services and investment banking advisory services related to mergers, acquisitions and financial restructurings. Brokerage and execution fees are earned for executing client transactions with various exchanges and over-the-counter markets and assisting clients in clearing transactions and facilitating foreign exchange transactions for spot/forward contracts. Underwriting and syndication fees are earned for the distribution of client equity or debt securities and the arrangement and administration of a loan syndication. These include commitment fees to provide loan financing. Barclays PLC 71

4. Staff costs ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Compensation costs £m £m Upfront bonus charge 679 675 Deferred bonus charge 304 269 Other incentives 29 35 Performance costs 1,012 979 Salaries 2,549 2,491 Social security costs 442 395 Post-retirement benefits 280 296 Other compensation costs 354 282 Total compensation costs 4,637 4,443 Other resourcing costs Outsourcing 437 299 Redundancy and restructuring 83 138 Temporary staff costs 33 31 Other 64 53 Total other resourcing costs 617 521 Total staff costs 5,254 4,964 Barclays Group compensation costs as a % of total income 31.1% 33.5% 5. Infrastructure, administration and general expenses Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Infrastructure costs £m £m Property and equipment 923 857 Depreciation and amortisation 885 843 Impairment of property, equipment and intangible assets 8 4 Total infrastructure costs 1,816 1,704 Administration and general expenses Consultancy, legal and professional fees 371 388 Marketing and advertising 287 308 Other administration and general expenses 679 633 Total administration and general expenses 1,337 1,329 Total infrastructure, administration and general expenses 3,153 3,033 Barclays PLC 72

6. Earnings per share ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 £m £m Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent 3,523 2,787 m m Basic weighted average number of shares in issue 14,262 14,972 Number of potential ordinary shares 513 445 Diluted weighted average number of shares 14,775 15,417 p p Basic earnings per ordinary share 24.7 18.6 Diluted earnings per ordinary share 23.8 18.1 7. Dividends on ordinary shares Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Per share Total Per share Total Dividends paid during the period p £m p £m Full year dividend paid during period 5.50 791 5.30 796 It is Barclays' policy to declare and pay dividends on a semi-annual basis. The 2024 full year dividend of 5.5p per ordinary share was paid on 4 April 2025 to the shareholders on the Share Register on 28 February 2025. A half year dividend for 2025 of 3.0p (H124: 2.9p) per ordinary share will be paid on 16 September 2025. For qualifying American Depositary Receipt (ADR) holders, the half year dividend of 3.0p per ordinary share becomes 12.0p per American Depositary Share (ADS) (representing four shares). The depositary bank will post the half year dividend o n 16 September 2025 to ADR holders on the record at close of business on 8 August 2025. The Directors have confirmed their intention to initiate a share buyback of up to £1bn after the balance sheet date. The share buyback is expected to commence in the third quarter of 2025. The financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 do not reflect the impact of the proposed share buyb ack, which w ill be accounted for as and when shares are repurchased by the Company. Dividends and share buybacks are funded out of distributable reserves.

Barclays PLC 73

8. Derivative financial instruments Contract notional amount Fair value Assets Liabilities As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m Foreign exchange derivatives 9,404,176 96,359 (93,246) Interest rate derivatives 81,608,401 95,461 (81,613) Credit derivatives 1,710,599 8,471 (8,994) Equity and stock index and commodity derivatives 3,488,521 76,562 (80,909) Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading 96,211,697 276,853 (264,762) Derivatives in hedge accounting relationships Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 151,346 3,070 (92) Derivatives designated as fair value hedges 161,698 71 (476) Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments 4,412 200 (46) Derivative assets/(liabilities) designated in hedge accounting relationships 317,456 3,341 (614) Total recognised derivative assets/(liabilities) 96,529,153 280,194 (265,376) As at 31.12.24 Foreign exchange derivatives 8,517,266 123,724 (116,671) Interest rate derivatives 70,905,836 95,631 (83,967) Credit derivatives 1,537,115 6,898 (7,455) Equity and stock index and commodity derivatives 3,164,854 64,738 (70,502) Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading 84,125,071 290,991 (278,595) Derivatives in hedge accounting relationships Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 147,180 2,338 (320) Derivatives designated as fair value hedges 159,182 165 (434) Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments 4,014 36 (66) Derivative assets/(liabilities) designated in hedge accounting relationships 310,376 2,539 (820) Total recognised derivative assets/(liabilities) 84,435,447 293,530 (279,415) The IFRS netting posted against derivative assets was £ 43bn including £ 5bn of cash collateral netted (December 2024: £47bn including £ 5bn cash collateral netted) and £ 43bn for liabilities including £ 4bn of cash collateral netted (December 2024: £ 46bn including £ 6bn of cash collateral netted). Derivative asset exposures would be £ 248bn (December 2024: £261bn) lower than reported under IFRS if netting were permitted for assets and liabilities with the same counterparty or for which the Group holds cash collateral of £ 32bn (December 2024: £ 31bn). Similarly, derivative liabilities would be £ 240bn (December 2024: £ 254bn) lower reflecting counterparty netting and cash collateral placed of £ 23bn (December 2024: £23bn). In addition, non-cash collateral of £ 13bn (December 2024: £ 13bn) was held in respect of derivative assets £ 5bn (December 2024: £5bn) was placed in respect of derivative liabilities. Collateral amounts are limited to net on balance sheet exposure so as to not include over-collateralisation Barclays PLC 74

9. Fair value of financial instruments This section should be read in conjunction with Note 17 , Fair value of financial instruments of the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024 which provides more detail regarding accounting policies adopted, valuation methodologies used in calculating fair value and the valuation control framework which governs oversight of valuations. There have been no changes in the accounting policies adopted or the valuation methodologies used in the period. Valuation The following table shows the Group’s assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by valuation technique (fair value hierarchy) and balance sheet classification: Valuation technique using Quoted market prices Observable inputs Significant unobservable inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total As at 30.06.25 £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 87,555 89,789 9,879 187,223 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 7,702 202,019 8,831 218,552 Derivative financial instruments 108 278,097 1,989 280,194 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 24,755 49,378 3,178 77,311 Investment property — — 42 42 Total assets 120,120 619,283 23,919 763,322 Trading portfolio liabilities (39,606) (29,275) (424) (69,305) Financial liabilities designated at fair value (1,576) (313,061) (2,848) (317,485) Derivative financial instruments (93) (262,422) (2,861) (265,376) Total liabilities (41,275) (604,758) (6,133) (652,166) As at 31.12.24 Trading portfolio assets 77,761 78,577 10,115 166,453 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 3,526 181,784 8,424 193,734 Derivative financial instruments 101 291,352 2,077 293,530 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 25,913 48,407 3,739 78,059 Investment property — — 9 9 Total assets 107,301 600,120 24,364 731,785 Trading portfolio liabilities (27,694) (28,819) (395) (56,908) Financial liabilities designated at fair value (181) (278,785) (3,258) (282,224) Derivative financial instruments (86) (276,148) (3,181) (279,415) Total liabilities (27,961) (583,752) (6,834) (618,547) Barclays PLC 75

The following table shows the Group’s Level 3 assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by product type: As at 30.06.25 Loans Corporate debt Asset backed securities Government debt Private equity investments Issued debt Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements Interest rate derivatives Equity derivatives Other products1 Total £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 5,468 1,843 883 1,199 — — — — — 486 9,879 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 6,096 835 178 32 1,187 — 402 — — 101 8,831 Derivative financial instruments — — — — — — — 915 617 457 1,989 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 2,350 67 757 — 4 — — — — — 3,178 Investment property — — — — — — — — — 42 42 Total assets 13,914 2,745 1,818 1,231 1,191 — 402 915 617 1,086 23,919 Trading portfolio liabilities — (36) — (325) — — — — — (63) (424) Financial liabilities designated at fair value — — — — (17) (1,575) (1,240) — — (16) (2,848) Derivative financial instruments — — — — — — — (774) (1,349) (738) (2,861) Total liabilities — (36) — (325) (17) (1,575) (1,240) (774) (1,349) (817) (6,133) As at 31.12.24 Loans Corporate debt Asset backed securities Government debt Private equity investments Issued debt Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements Interest rate derivatives Equity derivatives Other products1 Total £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 6,146 1,590 991 1,018 — — — — — 370 10,115 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 5,455 913 139 35 1,166 — 539 — — 177 8,424 Derivative financial instruments — — — — — — — 1,193 481 403 2,077 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 2,858 108 757 12 4 — — — — — 3,739 Investment property — — — — — — — — — 9 9 Total assets 14,459 2,611 1,887 1,065 1,170 — 539 1,193 481 959 24,364 Trading portfolio liabilities — (374) (6) — — — — — — (15) (395) Financial liabilities designated at fair value — — — — (17) (1,842) (1,379) — — (20) (3,258) Derivative financial instruments — — — — — — — (1,013) (1,219) (949) (3,181) Total liabilities — (374) (6) — (17) (1,842) (1,379) (1,013) (1,219) (984) (6,834) 1 Other products include funds and fund-linked products, equity cash products, investment property, credit derivatives and foreign exchange derivatives. Assets and liabilities transferred between Level 1 and Level 2 During the six-month period ended 30 June 2025, there were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 (year ended 31 December 2024: no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2). Level 3 movement analysis The following table summarises the movements in the balances of Level 3 assets and liabilities during the six-month period. Transfers have been reflected as if they had taken place at the beginning of the period. Asset and liability transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 are primarily due to i) an increase or decrease in observable market activity related to an input or ii) a change in the significance of the unobservable input, with assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 if an unobservable input is deemed significant. Barclays PLC 76

Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities 01.01.25 Total gains and (losses) in the period recognised in the income statement Total gains and (losses) in the period recognised in OCI Transfers As at 30.06.25Purchases Sales Issues Settlements Trading income2 Other income In Out £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 10,115 4,125 (3,524) — (1,147) 136 — — 439 (265) 9,879 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 8,424 2,469 (1,200) — (573) (75) 8 — 63 (285) 8,831 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 3,739 566 (1,447) — (6) 2 29 — 307 (12) 3,178 Investment property 9 33 — — — — — — — — 42 Trading portfolio liabilities (395) (46) 28 — — 37 — — (57) 9 (424) Financial liabilities designated at fair value (3,258) — 91 (617) 31 88 — — (179) 996 (2,848) Net derivative financial instruments1 (1,104) (17) 249 — — 166 3 — (34) (135) (872) Total 17,530 7,130 (5,803) (617) (1,695) 354 40 — 539 308 17,786 Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities As at 01.01.24 Total gains and (losses) in the period recognised in the income statement Total gains and (losses) in the period recognised in OCI Transfers As at 30.06.24Purchases Sales Issues Settlements Trading income2 Other income In Out £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 6,509 3,113 (1,007) — (714) (7) — — 1,046 (214) 8,726 Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 8,249 2,804 (1,484) — (380) (19) 174 — 291 (118) 9,517 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,078 1,854 (42) — — 1 11 — — (448) 2,454 Investment property 2 — (1) — — — — — — — 1 Trading portfolio liabilities (368) (24) 17 — — 18 — — (34) 6 (385) Financial liabilities designated at fair value (1,222) (6) 28 (627) 16 (27) (21) — (881) 248 (2,492) Net derivative financial instruments1 (1,113) (182) 32 (19) (169) (181) — — 21 109 (1,502) Total 13,135 7,559 (2,457) (646) (1,247) (215) 164 — 443 (417) 16,319 1 Derivative financial instruments are presented on a net basis. On a gross basis, derivative financial assets were £1,989m (June 2024: £2,833m) and derivative financial liabilities were £(2,861)m (June 2024: £(4,335)m). 2 Trading income represents gains and losses on Level 3 financial instruments which in the majority are offset by losses and gains on financial instruments disclosed in Level 2. Barclays PLC 77

Unrealised gains and losses on Level 3 assets and liabilities The following table discloses the unrealised gains and losses recognised in the six-month period arising on Level 3 assets and liabilities held at the period end: Half year ended 30.06.25 Half year ended 30.06.24 Income statement Other comprehensive income Total Income statement Other comprehensive income TotalTrading income1 Other income Trading income1 Other income £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Trading portfolio assets 21 — — 21 (2) — — (2) Financial assets at fair value through the income statement (74) 7 — (67) 1 47 — 48 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 1 28 — 29 1 11 — 12 Investment property — — — — — — — — Trading portfolio liabilities 34 — — 34 17 — — 17 Financial liabilities designated at fair value 87 — — 87 (29) (10) — (39) Net derivative financial instruments 164 3 — 167 (180) — — (180) Total 233 38 — 271 (192) 48 — (144) 1 Trading income represents gains and losses on Level 3 financial instruments which in the majority are offset by losses and gains on financial instruments disclosed in Level 2. Valuation techniques and sensitivity analysis Sensitivity analysis is performed on products with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) to generate a range of reasonably possible alternative valuations. The sensitivity methodologies applied take account of the nature of valuation techniques used, as well as the availability and reliability of observable proxy and historical data and the impact of using alternative models. Sensitivities are dynamically calculated on a monthly basis. The calculation is based on range or spread data of a reliable reference source or a scenario based on relevant market analysis alongside the impact of using alternative models. Sensitivities are calculated without reflecting the impact of any diversification in the portfolio. Current period valuation and sensitivity methodologies are consistent with those described within Note 17, Fair value of financial instruments in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024. Sensitivity analysis of valuations using unobservable inputs (Relates to Level 3 Portfolios) As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Favourable changes Unfavourable changes Favourable changes Unfavourable changes Income statement Equity Income statement Equity Income statement Equity Income statement Equity £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Loans 306 38 (285) (38) 653 43 (766) (43) Corporate debt 77 1 (49) (1) 87 — (56) — Asset backed securities 83 8 (57) (8) 57 4 (40) (4) Government debt 54 — (62) — 47 — (56) — Private equity investments 230 1 (230) (1) 232 — (232) — Interest rate derivatives 85 — (158) — 98 — (212) — Equity derivatives 221 — (261) — 199 — (269) — Other Products1 84 — (99) — 92 — (104) — Total 1,140 48 (1,201) (48) 1,465 47 (1,735) (47) 1 Other products includes funds and fund linked products, equity cash products, credit derivatives and foreign exchange derivatives. The effect of stressing unobservable inputs to a range of reasonably possible alternatives, alongside considering the impact of using alternative models, would be to increase fair values by up to £1,188m (December 2024: £1,512m) or to decrease fair values by up to £ 1,249m (December 2024: £1,782m) with substantially all of the potential effect impacting profit and loss rather than reserves. Barclays PLC 78

Significant unobservable inputs The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities recognised at fair value and classified as Level 3 are consistent with Note 17, Fair value of financial instruments in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024. Fair value adjustments Key balance sheet valuation adjustments are quantified below: As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 £m £m Exit price adjustments derived from market bid-offer spreads (536) (542) Uncollateralised derivative funding 28 19 Derivative credit valuation adjustments (189) (184) Derivative debit valuation adjustments 117 108 • Exit price adjustments derived from market bid-offer spreads decreased by £6m to £(536)m. • Uncollateralised derivative funding increased by £9m to £28m on back of change in underlying moves in the exposure profile of the derivative portfolio in scope and input funding spreads. • Derivative credit valuation adjustments increased by £5m to £(189)m on back of change in underlying moves in the exposure profile of the derivative portfolio in scope and input credit spread. • Derivative debit valuation adjustments increased by £9m to £117m on back of change in underlying moves in the exposure profile of the derivative portfolio in scope and input Barclays Bank PLC credit spread. Portfolio exemption The Group uses the portfolio exemption in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement to measure the fair value of groups of financial assets and liabilities. Financial instruments are measured using the price that would be received to sell a net long position (i.e. an asset) for a particular risk exposure or to transfer a net short position (i.e. a liability) for a particular risk exposure in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date under current market conditions. Accordingly, the Group measures the fair value of the group of financial assets and liabilities consistently with how market participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date. Unrecognised gains as a result of the use of valuation models using unobservable inputs The amount that has yet to be recognised in income that relates to the difference between the transaction price (the fair value at initial recognition) and the amount that would have arisen had valuation models using unobservable inputs been used on initial recognition, less amounts subsequently recognised, is £266m (December 2024: £273m) for financial instruments measured at fair value and £168m (December 2024: £173m) for financial instruments carried at amortised cost. There are additions and FX revaluation of £47m (December 2024: £173m) and amortisation and releases of £54m (December 2024: £105m) in amounts attributable to financial instruments measured at fair value and additions of £nil (December 2024: £nil) and amortisation and releases of £5m (December 2024: £19m) in amounts attributable to financial instruments measured at amortised cost. Third party credit enhancements Structured and brokered certificates of deposit issued by the Group are insured up to $250,000 per depositor by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in the United States. The FDIC is funded by fees that Barclays and other banks pay for deposit insurance coverage. The carrying value of these issued certificates of deposit that are designated under the IFRS 9 fair value option includes this third-party credit enhancement. The on-balance sheet value of these brokered certificates of deposit amounted to £3,004m (December 2024: £4,844m). Barclays PLC 79

Comparison of carrying amounts and fair values for assets and liabilities not held at fair value Valuation methodologies employed in calculating the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are consistent with those described within Note 17 , Fair value of financial instruments in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024. The following table summarises the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost on the Group’s balance sheet: As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value Financial assets £m £m £m £m Debt securities at amortised cost 69,936 69,528 68,210 67,354 Loans and advances at amortised cost 347,828 345,952 346,273 343,016 Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending 7,917 7,917 4,734 4,734 Financial liabilities Deposits at amortised cost (564,535) (564,669) (560,663) (560,393) Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing (35,469) (35,469) (39,415) (39,415) Debt securities in issue (104,910) (106,837) (92,402) (94,463) Subordinated liabilities (12,529) (12,978) (11,921) (12,434) 10. Goodwill and intangible assets The Group performed an impairment review to assess the recoverability of its goodwill and intangible asset balances as at 31 December 2024. The outcome of this review is disclosed on pages 493-494 of the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024. No impairment was recognised as a result of the review as value in use exceeded carrying amount. A review of the Group's goodwill and intangible assets as at 30 June 2025 did not identify any factors indicating impairment. 11. Subordinated liabilities Half year ended 30.06.25 Year ended 31.12.24 £m £m Opening balance as at 1 January 11,921 10,494 Issuances 1,045 1,870 Redemptions (115) (476) Other (322) 33 Closing balance 12,529 11,921 Issuance of £1,045m EUR 4.616% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes issued externally by Barclays PLC. Redemption of £115m SGD 3.750% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes issued externally by Barclays PLC. Other movements predominantly comprise foreign exchange movements and fair value hedge adjustments. 12. Provisions As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 £m £m Customer redress 295 299 Legal, competition and regulatory matters 97 59 Redundancy and restructuring 183 213 Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees 425 439 Onerous leases — 14 Sundry provisions 364 359 Total 1,364 1,383 Barclays PLC 80

Customer redress provisions comprise the estimated cost of making redress payments to customers, clients and counterparties for losses or damages associated with inappropriate judgement in the execution of the Group’s business activities. Motor finance provision Following legal and regulatory developments in the UK in 2024, including the Court of Appeal judgment in October 2024 against other lenders in three motor finance commissions cases (subject to appeal to the Supreme Court, which was heard in early April 2025 and for which the judgment has not been issued at the date of this announcement), and the ongoing FCA review into historical motor finance commission arrangements and sales, Clydesdale Financial Services recognised a provision of £ 90m in 2024 (H1 2025: Nil income statement impact). In determining the provision, Barclays considered the information then available and estimated the potential impact of remediating any complaints Barclays might receive relating to these matters by considering the potential basis for and timing of redress, which complaints might be valid or invalid, and the potential level of such complaints. All these assumptions, however, are subject to significant uncertainty and continue to be monitored and will be updated as appropriate. Barclays reassessed the provision as at 30 June 2025 and determined that no material adjustment was required. The legal and regulatory outcomes and the nature, extent and timing of any remediation action, if required, remain uncertain and as a result the ultimate financial impact could be materially different to the amount provided. The FCA has stated that it will confirm within six weeks of the Supreme Court judgment whether it proposes to consult on introducing a redress scheme including the basis of calculation of any redress, which complaints are valid or in scope of a potential scheme and whether customers will need to opt in or opt out. Under the FCA's rules, Barclays’ obligation to respond to motor finance commission complaints is paused until after 4 December 2025. Barclays ceased operating in the motor finance market in late 2019, although historical operations before this time may be in scope of any potential FCA consumer redress scheme. 13. Retirement benefits As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s IAS 19 net retirement benefit assets were £2.8bn (December 2024: £3.0bn). The UK Retirement Fund (UKRF), which is the Group’s main scheme, had an IAS 19 net surplus of £2.9bn (December 2024: £3.2bn). The movement for the UKRF was mainly driven by actual price inflation being higher than assumed. The UKRF annual funding update as at 30 September 2024 showed a surplus of £1.75bn compared to £2.02bn at 30 September 2023. Sectionalisation of the UKRF As at 30 June 2025 , Barclays Bank PLC was the principal employer of the UKRF, with Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Execution Services Limited as participating employers. From 1 July 2025, the UKRF was amended to become a sectionalised scheme to meet the requirements of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Banking Reform) (Pensions) Regulations 2015, creating two separate sections - the Barclays Bank Section and the Barclays UK Section. From 1 July 2025, Barclays Bank PLC became the principal employer of the Barclays Bank Section, with Barclays Execution Services Limited as a participating employer. From that date, Barclays Bank UK PLC participates only in the Barclays UK Section and is solely responsible for funding that section. The sectionalisation and associated steps mean that the Barclays Bank UK Group is separated from any exposure to the Barclays Bank Section of the UKRF, and the Barclays Bank Group is separated from any exposure to the Barclays UK Section. This does not change the balance sheet position of the UKRF at the point of sectionalisation from the Group's perspective, and employees’ benefits are unchanged. Barclays PLC 81

14. Other reserves 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 £m £m Currency translation reserve 2,054 3,625 Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve (1,465) (1,873) Cash flow hedging reserve (1,210) (2,930) Own credit reserve (541) (1,059) Other reserves and treasury shares 1,855 1,769 Total 693 (468) Currency translation reserve The currency translation reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on the retranslation of the Group’s net investment in foreign operations, net of the effects of hedging. As at 3 0 June 2025, there was a cumulative gain of £2,054m (December 2024: £3,625m gain) in the currency translation reserve, a loss during the period of £1,571m (2024: loss of £46m) net of tax credit of £3m (2024: £13m). This principally reflects the appreciation of GBP against USD, INR & JPY offset by GBP depreciating against EURO during 2025. Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve The fair value through other comprehensive income reserve represents the total of unrealised gains and losses on fair value through other comprehensive income investments since initial recognition. As at 30 June 2025, there was a cumulative loss of £1,465m (December 2024: £1,873m loss) in the fair value through other comprehensive income reserve. The gain during the period of £408m (2024: £505m loss) is principally driven by a £499m gain (2024: £536m loss) due to decrease in yields and a net loss of £68m transferred to the income statement (2024: £164m gain) offset by a tax charge of £157m (2024: tax credit of £194m). Cash flow hedging reserve The cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on effective cash flow hedging instruments that will be recycled to the income statement when the hedged transactions affect profit or loss. As at 3 0 June 2025, there was a cumulative loss of £1,210m (December 2024: £2,930m loss) in the cash flow hedging reserve. The £1,720m gain in the period (2024: £777m gain) is principally driven by £1,662m gain (2024: £824m loss) from fair value movements on interest rate swaps as major interest rate forward curves decreased (2024: increased), £707m of accumulated losses transferred to the income statement ( 2024: £1,831m losses ) and a tax charge of £667m (2024: tax charge of £281m). Own credit reserve The own credit reserve reflects the cumulative own credit gains and losses on financial liabilities at fair value. Amounts in the own credit reserve are not recycled to profit or loss in future periods. As at 30 June 2025, there was a cumulative loss o f £541m (December 2024: £1,059m loss) in the own credit reserve, the gain of £518m during the period (2024: loss of £819m) principally reflects a £709m gain (2024: loss of £1,131m) from the widening of credit spreads partially offset by tax charge of £194m (2024: tax credit of £309m). Other reserves and treasury shares Other reserves relate to redeemed ordinary and preference shares issued by the Group. Treasury shares relate to Barclays PLC shares held principally in relation to the Group’s various share schemes. As at 30 June 2025, there was a cumulative gain of £1,855m (December 2024: £1,769m gain). This principally reflects an increase of £67m (December 2024: increase of £205m) due to the repurchase of 270m shares (December 2024: 818m) as part of the share buybacks conducted in the six months ended 30 June 202 5 and £19m gain (December 2024: £1m loss) on account of increase in treasury shares balance held in relation to employee share schemes. Barclays PLC 82

15. Contingent liabilities and commitments 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Contingent liabilities and financial guarantees £m £m Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security 16,685 16,713 Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements 8,762 8,633 Total 25,447 25,346 Commitments Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions 1,252 1,433 Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments1 408,805 421,716 Total 410,057 423,149 1 Includes exposures relating to financial assets classified as assets held for sale. Further details on contingent liabilities, where it is not practicable to disclose an estimate of the potential financial effect on Barclays relating to legal and competition and regulatory matters can be found in Note 16. 16. Legal, competition and regulatory matters The Group faces legal, competition and regulatory challenges, many of which are beyond our control. The extent of the impact of these matters cannot always be predicted but may materially impact our operations, financial results, condition and prospects. Matters arising from a set of similar circumstances can give rise to either a contingent liability or a provision, or both, depending on the relevant facts and circumstances. The recognition of provisions in relation to such matters involves critical accounting estimates and judgements in accordance with the relevant accounting policies applicable to Note 12, Provisions. We have not disclosed an estimate of the potential financial impact or effect on the Group of contingent liabilities where it is not currently practicable to do so. Various matters detailed in this note seek damages of an unspecified amount. While certain matters specify the damages claimed, such claimed amounts do not necessarily reflect the Group’s potential financial exposure in respect of those matters. Matters are ordered under headings corresponding to the financial statements in which they are disclosed. 1. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC Proceedings relating to certain advisory services agreements In 2023, Barclays Bank PLC received requests for arbitration from two Jersey special purpose vehicles connected to PCP International Finance Limited asserting claims in relation to the October 2008 capital raising. This matter is now concluded, and there are no other outstanding matters relating to the advisory services agreements. Civil actions related to LIBOR and other benchmarks Various individuals and corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against the Group and other banks in relation to the alleged manipulation of LIBOR and/or other benchmarks. US civil actions related to LIBOR Multiple civil actions have been filed in the US against the Group and other banks alleging manipulation of USD LIBOR, Sterling LIBOR and the LIBOR benchmark that was administered by the Intercontinental Exchange Inc. and certain of its affiliates (ICE LIBOR). With respect to USD LIBOR, one action alleging that Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI) and other financial institutions individually and collectively violated provisions of the US Sherman Antitrust Act (Antitrust Act), the US Commodity Exchange Act (CEA), the US Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and various state laws by manipulating USD LIBOR rates remains pending in the Southern District of New York (SDNY) seeking unspecified damages. Barclays Bank PLC has moved for summary judgment in this action, and briefing on that motion was completed in January 2025. The other action has settled. The settlement is not material to the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position. With respect to Sterling LIBOR, consolidated class actions filed in the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other Sterling LIBOR panel banks alleging, among other things, manipulation of the Sterling LIBOR rate in violation of the Antitrust Act, CEA and RICO, were dismissed in 2018. Oral argument on the plaintiffs’ appeal of that dismissal was heard by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Second Circuit) in April 2024. Barclays PLC 83

With respect to ICE LIBOR, in August 2020, a group of individual plaintiffs in the US District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of individual borrowers and consumers of loans and credit cards with variable interest rates linked to USD ICE LIBOR brought an action against Barclays Bank PLC and other financial institutions alleging Antitrust Act violations. The defendants’ motion to dismiss the case was granted in 2022. The US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the dismissal in December 2024. The plaintiffs’ petition for US Supreme Court review was denied in June 2025, concluding the matter. Non-US benchmarks civil actions The remaining UK claim, issued in 2017, against Barclays Bank PLC and other banks in connection with alleged manipulation of LIBOR has now settled. The settlement is not material to the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position. Proceedings have also been brought in Spain, Italy and Israel relating to alleged manipulation of LIBOR and EURIBOR. The proceedings in Israel have concluded. Foreign exchange civil actions Legal proceedings have been brought or are threatened against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and Barclays Execution Services Limited (BX) in connection with alleged manipulation of foreign exchange in the UK, the Netherlands, Israel, Brazil and Australia. In the Australia and Israel proceedings settlements in principle have been agreed subject to court approval. The above-mentioned proceedings include a class action filed against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BX, BCI and other financial institutions in the UK Competition Appeal Tribunal (CAT) in 2019. The CAT refused to certify the claim in 2022 and in 2023, the Court of Appeal overturned the CAT’s decision and found that the claim should be certified on an opt-out basis. The UK Supreme Court heard arguments in April 2025, concerning the appeal brought by Barclays and the other financial institutions involved. Metals-related civil actions A US civil complaint alleging manipulation of the price of silver in violation of the CEA, the Antitrust Act and state antitrust and consumer protection laws was brought by a proposed class of plaintiffs against a number of banks, including Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and BX, and transferred to the SDNY. The complaint was dismissed against these Barclays entities and certain other defendants in 2018, and against the remaining defendants in 2023. The plaintiffs have appealed the dismissal of the complaint against all defendants. Civil actions have also been filed in Canadian courts against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Canada Inc. and BCI on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs alleging manipulation of gold and silver prices. US residential mortgage-related civil action There remains one US Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS) related civil action arising from unresolved repurchase requests submitted by Trustees for certain RMBS, alleging breaches of various loan-level representations and warranties made by Barclays Bank PLC and/or a subsidiary acquired in 2007. Barclays’ motion to dismiss the action was denied in 2023. The parties appealed the decision and in January 2025, the appellate court reversed the lower court’s decision and dismissed the action. The plaintiff has requested review by the New York State Court of Appeals. Government and agency securities civil actions Treasury auction securities civil actions Consolidated putative class action complaints filed in US federal court against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other financial institutions under the Antitrust Act and state common law allege that the defendants: (i) conspired to manipulate the US Treasury securities market; and/or (ii) conspired to prevent the creation of certain platforms by boycotting or threatening to boycott such trading platforms. The court dismissed the consolidated action in 2021 and the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The defendants’ motion to dismiss the amended complaint was granted in 2022. The plaintiffs appealed this decision, and in February 2024 the appellate court affirmed the dismissal. The plaintiffs did not seek US Supreme Court review, thereby concluding the matter. In addition, certain plaintiffs have filed a related, direct action against BCI and certain other financial institutions, alleging that defendants conspired to fix and manipulate the US Treasury securities market in violation of the Antitrust Act, the CEA and state common law. This action remains stayed. Barclays PLC 84

Variable Rate Demand Obligations civil actions Civil actions have been filed against Barclays Bank PLC and BCI and other financial institutions alleging the defendants conspired or colluded to artificially inflate interest rates set for Variable Rate Demand Obligations (VRDOs). VRDOs are municipal bonds with interest rates that reset on a periodic basis, most commonly weekly. An action in state court has been filed by private plaintiffs on behalf of the state of California and the matter is in discovery. Three putative class action complaints have been consolidated in the SDNY. In the consolidated SDNY class action, certain of the plaintiffs’ claims were dismissed in 2020 and 2022 and the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification was granted in 2023, which means the case may proceed as a class action. The defendants are appealing this decision. Odd-lot corporate bonds antitrust class action In 2020, BCI, together with other financial institutions, were named as defendants in a putative class action in the US. The complaint alleges a conspiracy to boycott developing electronic trading platforms for odd-lots and price fixing. The plaintiffs demand unspecified money damages. The defendants’ motion to dismiss was granted in 2021, which the plaintiffs appealed. In July 2024, the Second Circuit vacated the judgment and remanded the case to the SDNY, where the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in September 2024. The defendants have filed a motion to dismiss. Credit Default Swap civil action A putative antitrust class action is pending in New Mexico federal court against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and various other financial institutions. The plaintiffs, the New Mexico State Investment Council and certain New Mexico pension funds, allege that the defendants conspired to manipulate the benchmark price used to value Credit Default Swap (CDS) contracts at settlement (i.e. the CDS final auction price). The plaintiffs allege violations of US antitrust laws and the CEA, and unjust enrichment under state law. The defendants’ motion to dismiss was denied in 2023. In January 2024, the SDNY ruled that settlement in an earlier CDS antitrust litigation bars these plaintiffs from asserting claims based on conduct occurring before 30 June 2014. The plaintiffs appealed to the Second Circuit and the appeal was denied in May 2025. The case has returned to New Mexico federal court. Interest rate swap and credit default swap US civil actions Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI, together with other financial institutions that act as market makers for interest rate swaps (IRS), are named as defendants in several antitrust actions, including one putative class action and individual actions brought by certain swap execution facilities, which are consolidated in the SDNY. The complaints allege the defendants conspired to prevent the development of exchanges for IRS and demand unspecified money damages. The parties have reached a settlement of the class action, which received final court approval and has been paid. The financial impact of the settlement is not material to the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position. The individual claims are proceeding separately in the SDNY. BDC Finance L.L.C. In 2008, BDC Finance L.L.C. (BDC) filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, demanding damages of $298m, alleging that Barclays Bank PLC had breached a contract in connection with a portfolio of total return swaps governed by an ISDA Master Agreement (the Master Agreement). Following a trial, the court ruled in 2018 that Barclays Bank PLC was not a defaulting party, which was affirmed on appeal. In 2021, the trial court entered judgment in favour of Barclays Bank PLC for $3.3m and as yet to be determined legal fees and costs. In 2022, the appellate court reversed the trial court’s summary judgment decision in favour of Barclays Bank PLC and remanded the case to the lower court for further proceedings. The parties filed cross-motions on the scope of trial. In January 2024, the court ruled in Barclays’ favour. In December 2024, the appellate court reversed the trial court’s judgment. Civil actions in respect of the US Anti-Terrorism Act Eight civil actions, on behalf of more than 4,000 plaintiffs, were filed in US federal courts in the US District Court in the Eastern District of New York (EDNY) and SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC and a number of other banks. The complaints generally allege that Barclays Bank PLC and those banks engaged in a conspiracy to facilitate US dollar-denominated transactions for the Iranian government and various Iranian banks, which in turn funded acts of terrorism that injured or killed the plaintiffs or the plaintiffs’ family members. The plaintiffs seek to recover damages for pain, suffering and mental anguish under the provisions of the US Anti-Terrorism Act, which allow for the trebling of any proven damages. The court granted the defendants’ motions to dismiss three out of the six actions in the EDNY. The plaintiffs appealed in one action and the dismissal was affirmed, and judgment was entered , in 2023. The plaintiffs’ motion to vacate the judgment is fully briefed. The other two dismissed actions in the EDNY were consolidated into one action. The plaintiffs in that action, and in one other action in the EDNY, filed amended complaints. The two other actions in the EDNY are currently stayed. Out Barclays PLC 85

of the two actions in the SDNY, the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the first action. That action is stayed, and the second SDNY action is stayed pending any appeal on the dismissal of the first. Shareholder derivative action In 2020, a purported Barclays shareholder filed a putative derivative action in New York state court against BCI and a number of current and former members of the Board of Directors of Barclays PLC and senior executives or employees of the Group. The shareholder plaintiff filed the claim on behalf of nominal defendant Barclays PLC, alleging that the individual defendants harmed the company through breaches of their duties, including under the Companies Act 2006. The plaintiff sought damages on behalf of Barclays PLC for the losses that Barclays PLC allegedly suffered as a result of these alleged breaches. An amended complaint was filed in 2021, which BCI and certain other defendants moved to dismiss. The motion to dismiss was granted in 2022. The plaintiff appealed the decision, and the dismissal was unanimously affirmed in 2023 by the First Judicial Department in New York. The plaintiff appealed the First Judicial Department’s decision to the New York Court of Appeals. The dismissal was affirmed by the New York Court of Appeals in May 2025, concluding the matter. Skilled person review in relation to historical timeshare loans and associated matters Clydesdale Financial Services Limited (CFS), which trades as Barclays Partner Finance and houses Barclays’ point-of-sale finance business, was required by the FCA to undertake a skilled person review in 2020 following concerns about historical affordability assessments for certain loans to customers in connection with timeshare purchases. The skilled person review was concluded in 2021. CFS complied fully with the skilled person review requirements, including carrying out certain remediation measures. CFS was not required to conduct a full back book review. Instead, CFS reviewed limited historical lending to ascertain whether its practices caused customer harm and has remediated any examples of harm. This work was substantially completed during 2023, utilising provisions booked to account for any remediations. This matter is now concluded. Motor finance commission arrangements In January 2024, the FCA appointed a skilled person to undertake a review of the historical use of discretionary commission arrangements and sales in the motor finance market across several firms. Barclays is cooperating fully with the FCA’s skilled person review, the outcome of which is unknown. This review follows two final decisions by the UK Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS), including one upholding a complaint against CFS in relation to commission arrangements and disclosure in the sale of motor finance products, and a number of complaints and court claims, including some against CFS. In April 2024, CFS filed a judicial review challenge in the High Court against the FOS’s decision in relation to commission arrangements and disclosure in the sale of motor finance products. In December 2024, the High Court ruled against CFS. CFS has appealed the decision to the English Court of Appeal. Separately, in October 2024, the English Court of Appeal issued judgment against the lenders in three motor finance commissions cases. CFS is not a party to this litigation. The Supreme Court heard an appeal of these cases in April 2025 and judgment is yet to be issued. In light of the English Court of Appeal decision and onward appeal to the UK Supreme Court, the FCA extended its pause on complaints to include all motor finance commissions, not just discretionary commission arrangements. CFS ceased operating in the motor finance market in late 2019. In 2020, CFS was transferred from Barclays Bank PLC to Barclays Principal Investments Ltd (BPIL), another subsidiary of Barclays PLC. Barclays Bank PLC has provided an intragroup indemnity to BPIL in respect of historical litigation and conduct matters relating to CFS. Over-issuance of securities in the US In 2022, executive management became aware that Barclays Bank PLC had issued securities materially in excess of the set amount under its US shelf registration statements. In 2022, a purported class action claim was filed in the US District Court in Manhattan seeking to hold Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and former and current executives responsible for declines in the price of Barclays PLC’s American depositary receipts, which the plaintiffs claim occurred as a result of alleged misstatements and omissions in its public disclosures. The defendants’ motion to dismiss the case was granted in part and denied in part in February 2024. The parties reached a settlement in respect of such lawsuit, which has received final court approval and has been paid, concluding the matter. The financial impact of this settlement is not material to the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position. In addition, holders of VXX ETNs have brought a purported class action in federal court in New York against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and former and current executives and board members in the US alleging, among other things, that Barclays’ failure to disclose that these ETNs were unregistered securities misled investors and that, as a result, Barclays is liable for the holders’ alleged losses following the suspension of further sales and issuances of the ETNs. The plaintiffs were Barclays PLC 86

granted leave to amend and filed a new complaint in March 2024. Barclays’ motion to dismiss was granted in March 2025. The plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration was denied in June 2025. The plaintiffs are appealing the decision. In March 2024, a putative class action was filed in federal court in New York against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and former and current executives. The plaintiff purports to bring claims on behalf of a class of short sellers, alleging that their short positions suffered substantial losses when Barclays suspended new issuances and sales of VXX ETNs as a result of the over-issuance of securities. Barclays’ motion to dismiss was granted in March 2025. The plaintiff is appealing the decision. 2. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) assessments concerning UK Value Added Tax In 2018, HMRC issued notices that have the effect of either removing certain Barclays overseas subsidiaries that have operations in the UK from Barclays’ UK VAT group or preventing them from joining it. Supplies between members of a UK VAT group are generally free from VAT. The notices had both retrospective and prospective effect. Barclays appealed HMRC's decisions to the First-Tier Tribunal (Tax Chamber) in relation to both the retrospective VAT assessments and the ongoing VAT payments made since 2018. £181m of VAT (inclusive of interest) was assessed retrospectively by HMRC covering the periods 2014 to 2018, of which approximately £128m is expected to be attributed to Barclays Bank UK PLC and £53m to Barclays Bank PLC. This retrospectively assessed VAT was paid in 2018 and an asset, adjusted to reflect expected eventual recovery, is recognised. Since 2018 Barclays has paid, and recognised as an expense, VAT on intra-group supplies from the relevant subsidiaries to the members of the VAT group. In respect of the ongoing VAT payments, the court upheld HMRC’s denial of the VAT grouping in August 2024. Barclays has appealed this decision to the Upper Tribunal. FCA investigations concerning financial crime systems and controls and compliance with the Money Laundering Regulations The FCA conducted civil enforcement investigations into Barclays Bank PLC’s and Barclays Bank UK PLC’s compliance with the Money Laundering Regulations and the FCA’s Principles of Business and Rules relating to anti-money laundering and financial crime systems and controls. The FCA’s investigation of Barclays Bank PLC focused primarily on the historical oversight and management of a customer with heightened risk. In July 2025, Barclays Bank PLC agreed a settlement with the FCA to resolve the investigation. At the same time, Barclays Bank UK PLC reached a settlement with the FCA in a separate investigation concerning the onboarding of a client money account for an FCA-regulated firm. The FCA recognised Barclays’ cooperation in both matters, which are now concluded. UK bank levy In November 2024, HMRC updated its published guidance on the treatment of beneficiary accounts for the purposes of the exclusion of protected deposits from the UK bank levy charge. HMRC’s interpretation of the UK bank levy legislation differs from Barclays’ interpretation of the legislation, which has been applied in Barclays’ UK bank levy returns and which Barclays continues to consider is correct. In December 2024, HMRC wrote to notify Barclays of its intention to challenge this treatment. Engagement with HMRC is at an early stage and assessments have not yet been issued. 3. Barclays PLC Civil action in respect of statements concerning Barclays' former CEO In 2023, a purported class action was filed in federal court in California against Barclays PLC and a number of current and former senior executives of Barclays PLC. It was amended in 2024 to assert claims under US and UK securities laws against Barclays PLC and individual defendants. The complaint seeks to hold the defendants responsible for declines in the price of Barclays PLC’s American depositary receipts and Barclays’ shares, which the plaintiffs claim occurred as a result of alleged misstatements and omissions in Barclays’ public disclosures relating to its former CEO’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. Barclays PLC and an individual defendant’s motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part in June 2025, while another individual defendant’s motion to dismiss was denied. General The Group is engaged in various other legal, competition and regulatory matters in the UK, the US and a number of other overseas jurisdictions. It is subject to legal proceedings brought by and against the Group which arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time, including (but not limited to) disputes in relation to contracts, securities, guarantees, debt collection, consumer credit, fraud, trusts, client assets, competition, data management and protection, intellectual property, money laundering, financial crime, employment, environmental and other statutory and common law issues. The Group is also subject to enquiries and examinations, requests for information, audits, investigations and legal and other proceedings by regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with (but not limited to) consumer Barclays PLC 87

protection measures, measures to combat money laundering and financial crime, compliance with legislation and regulation, wholesale trading activity and other areas of banking and business activities in which the Group is or has been engaged. The Group is cooperating with the relevant authorities and keeping all relevant agencies briefed as appropriate in relation to these matters and others described in this note on an ongoing basis. At the present time, Barclays PLC does not expect the ultimate resolution of any of these other matters to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters and the matters specifically described in this note, there can be no assurance that the outcome of a particular matter or matters (including formerly active matters or those matters arising after the date of this note) will not be material to Barclays PLC’s results, operations or cash flows for a particular period, depending on, among other things, the amount of the loss resulting from the matter(s) and the amount of profit otherwise reported for the reporting period. Barclays PLC 88

17. Related party transactions Related party transactions in the half year ended 30 June 2025 were similar in nature to those disclosed in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2024. No related party transactions that have taken place in the half year ended 30 June 2025 have materially affected the financial position or the performance of the Group during this period, and there have been no changes to the related party transactions described in the Barclays Annual Report 2024 that have materially affected the financial position or the performance of the Group during this period. 18. Assets and liabilities included in disposal group classified as held for sale Barclays has decided not to bid to become the sole issuer for a co-branded card portfolio in USCB, leading to its transfer in H1 2026. This portfolio held within USCB is expected to be sold at a premium. The perimeter of the disposal group has been accounted for in line with the requirements of IFRS5 as at 30 June 2025. A detailed analysis of the disposal group is presented below. The 2025 disposal group includes the US Cards portfolio within USCB. The 2024 disposal group includes the US Cards portfolio within USCB and the German Consumer Finance Business within Head Office that Barclays announced has been sold during the period. As at 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale £m £m Loans and advances to customers 5,464 9,544 Intangible assets 10 25 Property, plant and equipment — 24 Other assets 111 261 Total assets classified as held for sale 5,585 9,854 Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale Deposits from customers — 3,647 Other liabilities — 77 Provisions — 2 Total liabilities classified as held for sale — 3,726 Net assets classified as held for sale 5,585 6,128 Barclays PLC 89

The Group’s management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements, as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods, and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Non-IFRS performance measures glossary Measure Definition Loan: deposit ratio Total loans and advances at amortised cost divided by total deposits at amortised cost. Attributable profit Profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent. Period end tangible equity refers to: Period end tangible shareholders' equity (for Barclays Group) Shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent, adjusted for the deduction of goodwill and intangible assets. Period end allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Allocated tangible equity is calculated as 13.5% (2024: 13.5%) of RWAs for each business, adjusted for capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Barclays Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the Barclays Group’s tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses. Average tangible equity refers to: Average tangible shareholders’ equity (for Barclays Group) Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible shareholders' equity and the current month’s period end tangible shareholders' equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. Average allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. Return on tangible equity (RoTE) refers to: Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (for Barclays Group) Annualised Group attributable profit, as a proportion of average tangible shareholders’ equity. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 91 to 92. Return on average allocated tangible equity (for businesses) Annualised business attributable profit, as a proportion of that business's average allocated tangible equity. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 92 to 93. Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct A measure of total operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct charges. Operating costs A measure of total operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct charges and UK regulatory levies. Cost: income ratio Total operating expenses divided by total income. Loan loss rate Quoted in basis points and represents total impairment charges divided by total gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified to assets held for sale) at the balance sheet date. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 94 to 96. Net interest margin Annualised net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets. The components of the calculation have been included on page 25. Tangible net asset value per share Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 97. Profit before impairment Calculated by excluding credit impairment charges or releases from profit before tax. Structural cost actions Cost actions taken to improve future financial performance. Group net interest income excluding Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office A measure of Barclays Group net interest income, excluding the net interest income reported in Barclays Investment Bank and Head Office. Barclays PLC 90

Returns Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Return on average tangible equity £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 1,090 284 184 2,075 128 (238) 3,523 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average equity 15.7 3.4 1.2 29.2 4.1 8.2 61.8 Average goodwill and intangibles (4.0) — (0.1) — (0.6) (3.6) (8.3) Average tangible equity 11.7 3.4 1.1 29.2 3.5 4.6 53.5 Return on average tangible equity 18.6% 16.8% 33.2% 14.2% 7.3% n/m 13.2% Half year ended 30.06.24 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Return on average tangible equity £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 1,063 248 151 1,614 119 (408) 2,787 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average equity 14.3 3.0 1.1 30.0 3.6 6.0 58.0 Average goodwill and intangibles (3.9) — (0.1) — (0.3) (3.6) (7.9) Average tangible equity 10.4 3.0 1.0 30.0 3.3 2.4 50.1 Return on average tangible equity 20.4% 16.6% 29.7% 10.8% 7.2% n/m 11.1% Barclays PLC 91

Return on average tangible shareholders' equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 1,659 1,864 965 1,564 1,237 1,550 (111) 1,274 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average shareholders' equity 62.1 61.4 59.7 59.1 57.7 58.3 57.1 55.1 Average goodwill and intangibles (8.2) (8.3) (8.2) (8.1) (7.9) (7.8) (8.2) (8.6) Average tangible shareholders' equity 53.9 53.1 51.5 51.0 49.8 50.5 48.9 46.5 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 12.3% 14.0% 7.5% 12.3% 9.9% 12.3% (0.9)% 11.0% Barclays UK Return on average allocated tangible equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 580 510 781 621 584 479 382 531 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 15.8 15.7 15.1 14.5 14.4 14.3 14.1 14.0 Average goodwill and intangibles (4.0) (4.0) (3.9) (3.9) (3.9) (3.9) (3.9) (3.9) Average allocated tangible equity 11.8 11.7 11.2 10.6 10.5 10.4 10.2 10.1 Return on average allocated tangible equity 19.7% 17.4% 28.0% 23.4% 22.3% 18.5% 14.9% 21.0% Barclays UK Corporate Bank Return on average allocated tangible equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 142 142 98 144 135 113 59 129 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 3.0 2.8 2.8 Average goodwill and intangibles — — — — — — — — Average allocated tangible equity 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 3.0 2.8 2.8 Return on average allocated tangible equity 16.6% 17.1% 12.3% 18.8% 18.0% 15.2% 8.4% 18.3% Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Return on average allocated tangible equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit 88 96 63 74 77 74 47 102 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1 Average goodwill and intangibles (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) Average allocated tangible equity 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 Return on average allocated tangible equity 31.9% 34.5% 23.9% 29.0% 30.8% 28.7% 19.1% 41.2% Barclays PLC 92

Return on average allocated tangible equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 876 1,199 247 652 715 899 (149) 580 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 30.0 28.9 28.8 Average goodwill and intangibles — — — — — — — — Average allocated tangible equity 28.7 29.6 29.3 29.5 29.9 30.0 28.9 28.8 Return on average allocated tangible equity 12.2% 16.2% 3.4% 8.8% 9.6% 12.0% (2.1)% 8.0% Barclays US Consumer Bank Return on average allocated tangible equity Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Attributable profit/(loss) 87 41 94 89 75 44 (3) 3 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Average allocated equity 4.0 4.2 4.0 3.8 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.8 Average goodwill and intangibles (0.6) (0.6) (0.6) (0.5) (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) (0.7) Average allocated tangible equity 3.4 3.6 3.4 3.3 3.3 3.3 3.3 3.1 Return on average allocated tangible equity 10.2% 4.5% 11.2% 10.9% 9.2% 5.3% (0.3)% 0.4% Barclays PLC 93

Loan loss rates Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Loan loss rate £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (237) (31) 11 (139) (711) (5) (1,112) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale)1 228.5 28.2 14.8 126.8 27.4 2.7 428.4 Loan loss rate (bps) 21 22 (15) 22 523 n/m 52 Half year ended 30.06.24 Barclays UK Barclays UK Corporate Bank Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Barclays Investment Bank Barclays US Consumer Bank Head Office Barclays Group Loan loss rate £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (66) (23) 3 (34) (719) (58) (897) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale)1 217.3 26.0 14.1 115.5 32.1 4.0 409.0 Loan loss rate (bps) 6 18 (4) 6 509 n/m 45 1 Includes gross loans and advances to customers and banks, in addition to debt securities. Barclays PLC 94

Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (469) (643) (711) (374) (384) (513) (552) (433) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 428.4 430.4 429.6 408.3 409.0 407.6 409.3 411.2 Loan loss rate (bps) 44 61 66 37 38 51 54 42 Barclays UK Loan loss rate Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (79) (158) (283) (16) (8) (58) (37) (59) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 228.5 227.5 227.5 218.4 217.3 219.4 223.3 225.7 Loan loss rate (bps) 14 28 49 3 1 11 7 10 Barclays UK Corporate Bank Loan loss rate Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (12) (19) (40) (13) (8) (15) (18) (15) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 28.2 27.0 25.8 25.2 26.0 26.1 26.6 27.2 Loan loss rate (bps) 17 28 62 21 12 23 27 21 Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management Loan loss rate Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases 2 9 (2) (7) 3 — 4 2 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 14.8 14.8 14.7 14.3 14.1 14.1 13.8 13.6 Loan loss rate (bps) (5) (25) 5 19 (9) — (10) (7) Barclays PLC 95

Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment (charges)/ releases (67) (72) (46) (43) (44) 10 (23) 23 £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 126.8 129.6 124.9 116.5 115.5 113.2 109.4 108.6 Loan loss rate (bps) 21 23 15 15 15 (4) 8 (8) Barclays US Consumer Bank Loan loss rate Q225 Q125 Q424 Q324 Q224 Q124 Q423 Q323 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m Credit impairment charges (312) (399) (298) (276) (309) (410) (449) (404) £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn £bn Gross loans and advances held at amortised cost (including portfolios reclassified as held for sale) 27.4 28.9 30.0 26.7 32.1 27.0 28.0 27.5 Loan loss rate (bps) 456 562 395 411 438 610 636 582 Barclays PLC 96

Tangible net asset value per share 30.06.25 As at 31.12.24 As at 30.06.24 £m £m £m Total equity excluding non-controlling interests 75,906 71,821 71,173 Other equity instruments (13,266) (12,075) (12,959) Goodwill and intangibles (8,186) (8,275) (7,839) Tangible shareholders' equity attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent 54,454 51,471 50,375 m m m Shares in issue 14,180 14,420 14,826 p p p Tangible net asset value per share 384 357 340 Barclays PLC 97

Results timetable1 Date Ex-dividend date 7 August 2025 Dividend record date 8 August 2025 DRIP last election date 22 August 2025 Dividend payment date 16 September 2025 Q3 2025 Results Announcement 22 October 2025 For qualifying US and Canadian resident ADR holders, the 2025 half year dividend of 3.0p per ordinary share becomes 12.0p per ADS (representing four shares). The ex-dividend date for ADR holders is 8 August 2025. The dividend record and dividend payment dates for ADR holders are as shown above. A Dividend Re-Investment Plan (DRIP) is provided by Equiniti Financial Services Limited. The DRIP enables the Company’s shareholders to elect to have their cash dividend payments used to purchase the Company’s shares. More information can be found at shareview.co.uk/info/drip DRIP participants will usually receive their additional ordinary shares (in lieu of a cash dividend) three to four days after the dividend payment date. Qualifying US and Canadian resident ADR holders should contact Shareowner Services for further details regarding the DRIP. Barclays PLC ordinary shares ISIN code: GB0031348658 Barclays PLC ordinary shares TIDM Code: BARC % Change2 Exchange rates 30.06.25 31.12.24 30.06.24 31.12.24 30.06.24 Period end - USD/GBP 1.37 1.25 1.26 10% 9% 6 month average - USD/GBP 1.30 1.28 1.26 2% 3% 3 month average - USD/GBP 1.35 1.28 1.26 5% 7% Period end - EUR/GBP 1.17 1.21 1.18 (3)% (1)% 6 month average - EUR/GBP 1.19 1.18 1.19 1% —% 3 month average - EUR/GBP 1.18 1.20 1.18 (2)% —% Share price data Barclays PLC (p) 337.30 268.15 208.90 Barclays PLC number of shares (m)3 14,180 14,420 14,826 For further information please contact Investor relations Media relations Marina Shchukina +44 (0) 20 7116 2526 Tom Hoskin +44 (0) 20 7116 4755 More information on Barclays can be found on our website: home.barclays Registered office 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom. Tel: +44 (0) 20 7116 1000. Company number: 48839. Registrar Equiniti, Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex, BN99 6DA, United Kingdom. Tel: +44 (0)371 384 2055 (UK and International telephone number)4 . American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) Shareowner Services P.O. Box 64504 St. Paul, MN 55164-0504 United States of America shareowneronline.com Toll Free Number (US and Canada): +1 800-990-1135 Outside the US and Canada: +1 651-453-2128 Delivery of ADR certificates and overnight mail Shareowner Services, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120-4100, USA. 1 Note that these dates are provisional and subject to change. 2 The change is the impact to GBP reported information. 3 The number of shares of 14,180m as at 30 June 2025 is different from the 14,176m quoted in the 1 July 2025 announcement entitled “Total Voting Rights” because the share buyback transactions executed on 27 and 30 June 2025 did not settle until 1 and 2 July 2025 respectively. 4 Lines open 8.30am to 5.30pm (UK time), Monday to Friday, excluding UK public holidays in England and Wales.

Shareholder Information Barclays PLC 98