=== PRESS RELEASE ===

Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/77476/000007747626000019/q120268-kxexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 q120268-kxexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 PepsiCo Reports First-Quarter 2026 Results • Net revenue increased 8.5% and organic revenue increased 2.6% • Earnings per share (EPS) increased 27% • Core EPS increased 9% • Core constant currency EPS increased 5% • Company affirms fiscal 2026 financial guidance PURCHASE, N.Y. - April 16, 2026 - PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) today reported results for first-quarter 2026. “We are pleased with our first-quarter results, which featured an acceleration in both net revenue and organic revenue growth – with a notable improvement in convenient foods organic volume. An extensive commercial agenda, which includes the restaging of large global brands, innovation activity and certain affordability initiatives, is being executed well and business performance improved,” said Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta. Laguarta continued, “We are encouraged with the resilience of the International business while North America continued to make progress in the first quarter. As we look ahead, we aim to successfully execute our commercial plans and tightly manage costs to help fund investments to accelerate growth. Therefore, we are affirming fiscal 2026 financial guidance and expected cash returns to shareholders – including the previously announced 4 percent increase in the annualized dividend per share beginning with the June 2026 payment, which will represent our 54th consecutive annual increase.” First-Quarter Results Discussion ($ in millions, except EPS) Q1 2026 Q1 2025 Change Net revenue $19,443 $17,919 8.5% Organic revenue performance 2.6% Operating profit $3,213 $2,583 24% Operating margin 16.5% 14.4% 210 bps Core operating profit $3,050 $2,789 9% Core operating margin 15.7% 15.6% 10 bps EPS $1.70 $1.33 27% Core EPS $1.61 $1.48 9% Core constant currency EPS 5% Versus the prior year. Please refer to the reconciliation of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for the definitions of non-GAAP financial measures, including “Organic revenue performance,” “Core” and “Constant currency,” and to “Guidance and Outlook” for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s full-year 2026 financial guidance. PepsiCo provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange and commodity mark-to-market net impacts. Please refer to PepsiCo’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 12 weeks ended March 21, 2026 (Q1 2026 Form 10-Q) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s financial results. • Net revenue increased 8.5% due to a 3.4-percentage-point benefit from foreign exchange translation, 2.6% organic revenue growth, and a 2.5-percentage-point net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures. Organic revenue growth reflects the benefits associated with effective net pricing and a slight contribution from organic volume growth. ◦ In North America, PepsiCo Foods and PepsiCo Beverages delivered a sequential acceleration in reported net revenue and organic revenue growth. PepsiCo Foods delivered volume growth as innovation and affordability initiatives began to take hold. PepsiCo Beverages volume trends also improved sequentially and versus the prior year. ◦ The international businesses performed well with each segment delivering a sequential acceleration in net revenue growth. Organic revenue growth was aided by good performance in Asia Pacific Foods; Europe, Middle East and Africa; and International Beverages Franchise while Latin America Foods remained resilient. • Operating profit increased 24% and operating margin expanded 210 basis points. This reflects a core operating profit increase of 9%, with core operating margin expansion of 10 basis points, a favorable impact of net mark-to-market gains on commodity derivatives and a favorable net impact of acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits. Core operating profit performance was primarily driven by productivity savings, net revenue growth and a 4-percentage-point benefit from foreign exchange translation, partially offset by certain operating cost increases. • EPS increased 27% and core EPS increased 9%, primarily driven by the operating profit growth. Summary First-Quarter 2026 Performance Revenue Volume (a) GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions and Divestitures Convenient Foods Beverages PepsiCo Foods North America (PFNA) — (1) PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA) — (7) (2.5) International Beverages Franchise (IB Franchise) (4) — 0.5 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) (12) — Latin America Foods (LatAm Foods) (13) — (2) Asia Pacific Foods (4) — Total (3) (2.5) — Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation PFNA (7) 2.5 — (5) PBNA (53) — IB Franchise (4) EMEA (12) LatAm Foods (1) (16) Asia Pacific Foods (1) (6) Corporate unallocated expenses (53) — (8) Total (15) (4) EPS (18) (4) (a) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the volume change shown here differs from the impact of organic volume change on net revenue performance disclosed in the Organic Revenue Performance table on page A-7, due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bottler case sales (BCS) and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE). We report net revenue from our franchise beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. Note: Amounts may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic revenue performance,” “Core” and “Constant currency.” Fiscal 2026 Guidance and Outlook The Company provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange translation and commodity mark-to-market net impacts. For 2026, the Company continues to expect: • Organic revenue to increase between 2 and 4 percent; • Core constant currency EPS to increase between 4 and 6 percent; • A core annual effective tax rate of approximately 22 percent; • Capital spending to be below 5 percent of net revenue; • A free cash flow conversion ratio of at least 80 percent; and • Total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $8.9 billion, comprised of dividends of $7.9 billion and share repurchases of $1.0 billion. The Company also continues to expect a foreign exchange translation tailwind of approximately 1 percentage point to benefit reported net revenue and core EPS growth, based on current foreign exchange rates. In addition, acquisitions, net of divestitures, that occurred in 2025 are expected to contribute 1 percentage point to reported net revenue growth in 2026. The assumptions and the guidance above imply net revenue growth within a range of 4 to 6 percent and core EPS growth of approximately 5 to 7 percent in fiscal 2026, which includes the anticipated impact of global minimum tax regulations. Prepared Management Remarks and Live Question and Answer Webcast At approximately 6:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on April 16, 2026, the Company will post prepared management remarks (in pdf format) regarding its first quarter results and business update, including its outlook for 2026, at https://www.pepsico.com/investors. At 8:15 a.m. (Eastern time) on April 16, 2026, the Company will host a live question and answer session with investors and financial analysts. Further details will be accessible on the Company’s website at https://www.pepsico.com/investors. Contacts: Investor Relations Communications investor@pepsico.com pepsicomediarelations@pepsico.com PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income (in millions, except per share amounts, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/21/2026 3/22/2025 Net Revenue $ 19,443 $ 17,919 Cost of sales 8,712 7,926 Gross profit 10,731 9,993 Selling, general and administrative expenses 7,518 7,410 Operating Profit 3,213 2,583 Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Net interest expense and other (301) (264) Income before income taxes 2,970 2,342 Provision for income taxes Net income 2,338 1,843 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 2,327 $ 1,834 Diluted Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share $ 1.70 $ 1.33 Weighted-average common shares outstanding 1,371 1,376 A - 1 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/21/2026 3/22/2025 Operating Activities Net income $ 2,338 $ 1,843 Depreciation and amortization Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization Share-based compensation expense Restructuring and impairment charges Cash payments for restructuring charges (145) (232) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits (113) Cash payments for acquisition and divestiture-related charges (14) (13) Pension and retiree medical plan expenses Pension and retiree medical plan contributions (270) (317) Deferred income taxes and other tax charges and credits Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts and notes receivable (530) (318) Inventories (315) (238) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (406) (307) Accounts payable and other current liabilities (1,847) (2,671) Income taxes payable Other, net (157) (246) Net Cash Provided by/(Used for) Operating Activities (973) Investing Activities Capital spending (447) (603) Sales of property, plant and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, investments in noncontrolled affiliates and purchases of intangible and other assets (67) (1,200) Short-term investments, by original maturity: More than three months - maturities — More than three months - sales — Three months or less, net (9) Other investing, net (2) Net Cash Used for Investing Activities (477) (1,232) (Continued on following page) A - 2 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) (in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/21/2026 3/22/2025 Financing Activities Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt $ 2,964 $ 3,505 Payments of long-term debt (1,629) (1,541) Short-term borrowings, by original maturity: More than three months - proceeds 1,937 3,656 More than three months - payments (676) (2,119) Three months or less, net 1,198 Cash dividends paid (1,966) (1,882) Share repurchases (182) (183) Proceeds from exercises of stock options Withholding tax payments on restricted stock units and performance stock units converted (76) (89) Other financing (1) (2) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 1,662 1,768 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 1,347 (234) Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Year 9,204 8,553 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period $ 10,551 $ 8,319 Supplemental Non-Cash Activity Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations $ $ A - 3 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (in millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 3/21/2026 12/27/2025 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 10,475 $ 9,159 Short-term investments Accounts and notes receivable, net 12,171 11,506 Inventories: Raw materials and packaging 2,714 2,581 Work-in-process Finished goods 3,364 3,121 6,211 5,845 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,706 1,068 Total Current Assets 30,916 27,949 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 29,807 29,905 Amortizable Intangible Assets, net 1,209 1,219 Goodwill 19,021 18,916 Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 13,934 13,847 Investments in Noncontrolled Affiliates 2,135 2,038 Deferred Income Taxes 4,560 4,541 Other Assets 9,064 8,984 Total Assets $ 110,646 $ 107,399 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Short-term debt obligations $ 10,151 $ 6,861 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 24,326 25,903 Total Current Liabilities 34,477 32,764 Long-Term Debt Obligations 42,577 42,321 Deferred Income Taxes 4,048 3,802 Other Liabilities 8,008 7,965 Total Liabilities 89,110 86,852 Commitments and contingencies PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity Common stock, par value 1 / ¢ per share (authorized 3,600 shares; issued, net of repurchased common stock at par value: 1,368 and 1,367 shares, respectively) Capital in excess of par value 4,401 4,451 Retained earnings 73,165 72,788 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (14,342) (15,024) Repurchased common stock, in excess of par value (499 and 500 shares, respectively) (41,864) (41,832) Total PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity 21,383 20,406 Noncontrolling interests Total Equity 21,536 20,547 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 110,646 $ 107,399 A - 4 Non-GAAP Measures In discussing financial results and guidance, the Company refers to the following measures which are not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP): organic revenue performance, core results, core constant currency results, free cash flow and free cash flow conversion. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends. We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market gains or losses (non-cash); charges related to restructuring plans; charges and credits associated with acquisitions and divestitures; gains associated with divestitures; asset impairment charges (non-cash); product recall-related impact; pension and retiree medical-related amounts, including all settlement and curtailment gains and losses; charges or adjustments related to the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, such as tax law changes; amounts related to the resolution of tax positions; tax benefits related to reorganizations of our operations; and debt redemptions, cash tender or exchange offers. See below for a description of adjustments to our GAAP financial measures included herein. Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. Glossary We use the following definitions when referring to our non-GAAP financial measures: Acquisitions and divestitures: mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. Bottler case sales (BCS): Measure of physical beverage volume shipped to retailers and independent distributors from both PepsiCo and our independent bottlers. Concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE): Measure of our physical beverage volume shipments to independent bottlers. Constant currency: Financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current-year U.S. dollar results by the current-year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. We also apply the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. Core: Core results are non-GAAP financial measures which exclude certain items from our financial results. For further information regarding these excluded items, refer to “Items Affecting Comparability” in “Item 2 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Q1 2026 Form 10-Q and in “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. For the periods presented, core results exclude the following items: Mark-to-market net impact Mark-to-market net gains and losses on commodity derivatives in corporate unallocated expenses. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in segment results when the segments recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Restructuring and impairment charges Expenses related to the multi-year productivity plan publicly announced in 2019, which was expanded and extended through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives of the plan. Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits include merger and integration charges, transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, as well as fair value adjustments to contingent consideration. Merger and integration charges include employee-related costs, closing costs and other integration costs. Effective net pricing: Reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. A - 5 Free cash flow: Net cash from operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending (capital spending less cash proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment) is essential to our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure. Free cash flow conversion: Free cash flow divided by core net income attributable to PepsiCo. Organic revenue performance: A measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation (on a constant currency basis, as defined above), acquisitions and divestitures, and every five or six years, the impact of an additional week of results. We also apply the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. We believe organic revenue performance provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it adjusts for items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. 2026 guidance Our 2026 organic revenue performance guidance adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation (on a constant currency basis, as defined above) and acquisitions and divestitures. Our 2026 core effective tax rate guidance, our 2026 core constant currency EPS growth guidance and our projected 2026 core net income attributable to PepsiCo (a component of free cash flow conversion ratio) exclude the mark-to-market net impact included in corporate unallocated expenses, restructuring and impairment charges and other items noted above. Our 2026 core constant currency EPS growth guidance also excludes the impact of foreign exchange translation. We are unable to reconcile our full year projected 2026 organic revenue growth to our full year projected 2026 reported net revenue growth because we are unable to predict the 2026 impact of foreign exchange due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and because we are unable to predict the occurrence or impact of any acquisitions and divestitures. We are also not able to reconcile our full year projected 2026 core effective tax rate to our full year projected 2026 reported effective tax rate, our full year projected 2026 core constant currency EPS growth to our full year projected 2026 reported EPS growth and our full year projected 2026 core net income attributable to PepsiCo (a component of free cash flow conversion ratio) to our full year projected 2026 reported net income, because we are unable to predict the 2026 impact of foreign exchange or the mark-to-market net impact on commodity derivatives due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. Therefore, we are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures, without unreasonable effort. A - 6 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information Organic Revenue Performance 12 Weeks Ended March 21, 2026 (dollars in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/21/2026 PFNA PBNA IB Franchise EMEA LatAm Foods Asia Pacific Foods Total Reported Net Revenue, GAAP measure $ 6,332 $ 6,391 $ $ 2,823 $ 1,934 $ 1,139 $ 19,443 Impact of foreign exchange translation (a) (19) (18) (28) (279) (221) (43) (608) Impact of acquisitions and structural changes (54) (405) — — — — (459) Organic Revenue, non-GAAP measure (b) $ 6,259 $ 5,968 $ $ 2,544 $ 1,713 $ 1,096 $ 18,376 Prior Year Reported Net Revenue, GAAP measure $ 6,213 $ 5,876 $ $ 2,388 $ 1,661 $ 1,022 $ 17,919 Impact of divestitures — (11) — — — — (11) Prior Year Organic Revenue, non-GAAP measure (b) $ 6,213 $ 5,865 $ $ 2,388 $ 1,661 $ 1,022 $ 17,908 Reported Net Revenue % Change, GAAP measure Impact of foreign exchange translation — — (4) (12) (13) (4) (3) Impact of acquisitions and divestitures (1) (7) — — — — (2.5) Organic Revenue % Change, non-GAAP measure (c) Impact on % Change of: Organic volume change (d) (4) (3) (2) — Effective net pricing (1) — 5.5 (2) (a) Represents the adjustment needed to reflect translation of revenue using prior-year period foreign currency exchange rates. (b) Represents underlying amount, not in accordance with GAAP, used in the calculation of Organic Revenue Performance, which is a financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-5 through A-6 for further discussion. (c) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-5 through A-6 for further discussion. (d) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the impact of organic volume change on net revenue performance differs from the unit volume change disclosed in the Summary First-Quarter 2026 Performance table on page 3 due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our franchise beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 7 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Certain Line Items by Segment 12 Weeks Ended March 21, 2026 (dollars in millions, unaudited) PFNA PBNA IB Franchise EMEA LatAm Foods Asia Pacific Foods Corporate Unallocated Expenses Total Reported Cost of Sales, GAAP measure $ 2,404 $ 2,991 $ $ 1,681 $ $ $ (35) $ 8,712 Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — Restructuring and impairment charges (12) — (8) — — — (19) Core Cost of Sales, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 2,392 $ 2,992 $ $ 1,673 $ $ $ — $ 8,728 Gross Margin Reported Gross Profit, GAAP measure $ 3,928 $ 3,400 $ $ 1,142 $ 1,154 $ $ $ 10,731 55.2 % Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — (35) (35) (0.2) Restructuring and impairment charges (1) — — — — 0.1 Core Gross Profit, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 3,940 $ 3,399 $ $ 1,150 $ 1,154 $ $ — $ 10,715 55.1 % Reported Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, GAAP measure $ 2,499 $ 2,664 $ $ $ $ $ $ 7,518 Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — Restructuring and impairment charges (63) (18) (7) (15) (3) (1) (6) (113) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits (1) — — — — — Core Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 2,435 $ 2,760 $ $ $ $ $ $ 7,665 Operating Margin Reported Operating Profit, GAAP measure $ 1,429 $ $ $ $ $ $ (196) $ 3,213 16.5 % Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — (182) (182) (0.9) Restructuring and impairment charges 0.7 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits (114) — — — — — (113) (0.6) Core Operating Profit, non-GAAP measure (a) 1,505 (372) 3,050 15.7 % Impact of foreign exchange translation (b) (4) (3) (11) (29) (56) (9) — (112) Core Constant Currency Operating Profit, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 1,501 $ $ $ $ $ $ (372) $ 2,938 Reported Operating Profit % Change, GAAP measure (7) (53) Core Operating Profit % Change, non-GAAP measure (a) (4) (8) Core Constant Currency Operating Profit % Change, non-GAAP measure (a) (5) (8) (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-5 through A-6 for further discussion. (b) Represents the adjustment needed to reflect translation of operating profit using prior-year period foreign currency exchange rates. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 8 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Certain Line Items by Segment (continued) 12 Weeks Ended March 22, 2025 (dollars in millions, unaudited) PFNA PBNA IB Franchise EMEA LatAm Foods Asia Pacific Foods Corporate Unallocated Expenses Total Reported Cost of Sales, GAAP measure $ 2,348 $ 2,659 $ $ 1,408 $ $ $ (11) $ 7,926 Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — Restructuring and impairment charges — — — (1) — — — (1) Core Cost of Sales, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 2,348 $ 2,659 $ $ 1,407 $ $ $ — $ 7,936 Gross Margin Reported Gross Profit, GAAP measure $ 3,865 $ 3,217 $ $ $ $ $ $ 9,993 55.8 % Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — (11) (11) (0.1) Restructuring and impairment charges — — — — — — — Core Gross Profit, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 3,865 $ 3,217 $ $ $ $ $ — $ 9,983 55.7 % Reported Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, GAAP measure $ 2,329 $ 2,757 $ $ $ $ $ $ 7,410 Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — Restructuring and impairment charges (24) (125) (2) (12) (7) (1) (25) (196) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits (15) (10) — — — — — (25) Core Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 2,290 $ 2,622 $ $ $ $ $ $ 7,194 Operating Margin Reported Operating Profit, GAAP measure $ 1,536 $ $ $ $ $ $ (414) $ 2,583 14.4 % Mark-to-market net impact — — — — — — (16) (16) (0.1) Restructuring and impairment charges 1.1 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits — — — — — 0.1 Core Operating Profit, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 1,575 $ $ $ $ $ $ (405) $ 2,789 15.6 % (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-5 through A-6 for further discussion. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 9 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Certain Line Items 12 Weeks Ended March 21, 2026 and March 22, 2025 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/21/2026 Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share - diluted Effective tax rate (b) Reported, GAAP measure $ $ $ 2,327 $ 1.70 21.3 % Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact — (43) (139) (0.10) (0.2) Restructuring and impairment charges 0.07 0.1 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits — (27) (86) (0.06) (0.1) Core, non-GAAP measure (c) $ $ $ 2,204 $ 1.61 21.1 % 12 Weeks Ended 3/22/2025 Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share - diluted Effective tax rate (b) Reported, GAAP measure $ $ $ 1,834 $ 1.33 21.3 % Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact — (3) (13) (0.01) — Restructuring and impairment charges 0.14 (0.9) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges/credits — 0.01 — Core, non-GAAP measure (c) $ $ $ 2,031 $ 1.48 20.4 % (a) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction. (b) The impact of items affecting comparability on our effective tax rate represents the difference in the effective tax rate resulting from a higher or lower tax rate as applicable to the items affecting comparability. (c) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-5 through A-6 for further discussion. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 10 Cautionary Statement Statements in this communication that are “forward-looking statements,” including our 2026 guidance and outlook are based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Terminology such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” “expressed confidence,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will” or similar statements or variations of such words and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: future demand for PepsiCo’s products; damage to PepsiCo’s reputation or brand image; product recalls or other issues or concerns with respect to product quality and safety; PepsiCo’s ability to compete effectively; PepsiCo’s ability to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce; water scarcity; changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer; disruption of PepsiCo’s manufacturing operations or supply chain, including increased commodity, packaging, transportation, labor and other input costs; political, social or geopolitical conditions in the markets where PepsiCo’s products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold; PepsiCo’s ability to grow its business in developing and emerging markets; changes in economic conditions in the countries in which PepsiCo operates; changes in tariffs and global trade relations; future cyber incidents and other disruptions to our information systems; failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions; PepsiCo’s reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems; climate change or measures to address climate change and other sustainability matters; strikes or work stoppages; failure to realize benefits from PepsiCo’s productivity initiatives or organizational restructurings; deterioration in estimates and underlying assumptions regarding future performance of our business or investments that can result in impairment charges; fluctuations or other changes in exchange rates; any downgrade or potential downgrade of PepsiCo’s credit ratings; imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes aimed at PepsiCo’s products; imposition of limitations on the marketing or sale of PepsiCo’s products; changes in laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials; failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws; increase in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities; failure to adequately protect PepsiCo’s intellectual property rights or infringement on intellectual property rights of others; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. For additional information on these and other factors that could cause PepsiCo’s actual results to materially differ from those set forth herein, please see PepsiCo’s filings with the SEC, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A - 11

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Source: https://www.fool.com/earnings/call-transcripts/2026/04/16/pepsico-pep-q1-2026-earnings-call-transcript/ PepsiCo (PEP) Q1 2026 Earnings Call Transcript | The Motley Fool Accessibility Menu ▲ S&P 500 + ---% | ▲ Stock Advisor + ---% Join The Motley Fool Search for a company Accessibility ... Help Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Compare All Podcasts Hidden Gems Investing Podcast Rule Breaker Investing Podcast The Motley Fool Foundation Stock Market News Trending News Stock Market News Market Movers Tech Stock News Market Trends Crypto News Stock Market Indexes Today Most Active Stocks Today Today's Biggest Stock Gainers Today's Biggest Stock Losers Stock Quotes by Exchange Market Research 📨 Breakfast News Top Stocks to Buy Now Best ETFs to Buy Best AI Stocks Best Growth Stocks Dividend Kings Best Index Funds Next Cryptos to Explode Technology Energy Real Estate Healthcare Consumer Goods Materials Industrials How to Invest How to Invest Money What to Invest In How to Invest in Stocks How to Invest in ETFs How to Invest in Index Funds How to Invest in Bonds Financial Dictionary Stock Market 101 Types of Stocks Stock Market Sectors Stock Market Indexes What Are Stock Splits? What Is Compound Interest? After Hours Trading How to Buy Stock Best Brokers for Beginners Best Brokerage Accounts Good Time to Buy Stocks How Many Shares to Buy? Portfolio Diversification How to Invest $100 Magnificent Seven Companies Warren Buffett Investments Investing in ChatGPT Investing in SpaceX Investing in OpenAI Investing in Nvidia Investing in Databricks Retirement Retirement News Retirement 101 Types of Retirement Accounts How to Contribute to 401k/IRA? Strategies to Save for Retirement Asset Allocation for My Age Best IRA Brokerage Accounts Social Security 101 How to Maximize Social Security? Full Retirement Age COLAs Calculate Your SS Benefits Collecting Spousal Benefits Maximize Social Security Benefit How Much Do I Need to Retire? When To Retire 401(k) Plans 403(b) Plans Roth IRA Plans IRA Plans HSA Plans Complete Retirement Guide Best & Worst States to Retire Average Retirement Savings Moving for Retirement Healthcare in Retirement Understanding Taxes in Retirement 401(k) Minimum Distributions Personal Finance Best Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards Credit Card Reviews Credit Card Guides and Tools Best Savings Accounts Bank Reviews Best Personal Loans Personal Loan Reviews Best Mortgage Lenders Current Mortgage Rates Mortgage Lender Reviews Guide to Mortgages Auto Insurance Home Insurance Life Insurance About Us About Us Contact Us Investing Philosophy Motley Fool Money Fool Community Foundation Reviews Newsroom YouTube LinkedIn X Facebook Instagram Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Advertise With Us Become an Affiliate Partner Publishing Standards All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Bars Image source: The Motley Fool. DATE Thursday, April 16, 2026 at 8:15 a.m. ET CALL PARTICIPANTS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer — Ramon Laguarta Chief Financial Officer — Stephen Schmitt Need a quote from a Motley Fool analyst? Email [email protected] TAKEAWAYS Core Operating Margin -- Increased approximately 10 basis points, with underlying expansion masked by a property sale gain effect in the Frito-Lay North America (PFNA) segment. Organic Revenue -- Reported company-wide growth of 2.6%, demonstrating sequential improvement following prior quarters. Core EPS -- Rose 9%, reflecting effective cost management and operational leverage. PFNA Volume Growth -- Achieved 2% volume increase and 4% unit growth, with 300 million new consumption occasions year over year, which management attributed to innovation, brand restages, increased consumer value, and away-from-home acceleration. North America Foods Cost -- Experienced a cost reduction, credited explicitly to productivity programs begun in early 2025. Away-from-Home Foods Business -- Growing at three times the company average, supporting overall sector acceleration. Permissible Foods Portfolio -- Select brands reported double-digit growth rates, indicating strong consumer uptake of "permissible and functional" offerings. PFNA Innovation Penetration -- Management stated 40%-50% ACV currently, forecasting further acceleration for new products and planogram resets into summer. North America Beverages (PBNA) Top Line -- Grew 9%, comprised of 2% organic revenue growth and an additional 7 percentage points from recent business integrations, including poppi and energy lines. PBNA Volume Trend -- Segment posted nearly flat volume when excluding ongoing transition of case pack water to a third party, with volume expected to turn positive after full transition lapses next quarter. Market Share (PFNA) -- Management indicated recent gains in both volume and value share, using IRI data as reference. International Segment -- No observable demand impact attributable to the Iran conflict; acceleration continues, bolstered by competitive supply chain positioning. Guidance -- Remains 2%-4% organic revenue growth for the year, with the potential for upper-range performance in the second half under current assumptions. Productivity Initiatives -- Ongoing cost savings efforts include automation, AI integration, SKU reduction, plant closures, digitization, supply chain optimization, and targeted advertising efficiency, with plans for further expansion in future quarters. Innovation Contribution (PFNA) -- Significant portion of new growth attributed to recent launches including protein and fiber product lines, with growing retail space gains expected through the summer. RISKS Chief Financial Officer Stephen Schmitt cited inflation as a material uncertainty, stating, "our assumption is that inflation will come. The order of magnitude, we're still working through, and I think a lot of that is still to be determined." SUMMARY The call revealed that PepsiCo ( PEP +0.45% ) drove sequential improvement in key metrics through productivity and innovation, while reaffirming organic revenue guidance and highlighting resilient international demand despite ongoing geopolitical uncertainty. Executives committed to margin flexibility across business units to sustain investment and emphasized the continued effectiveness of hedging programs in mitigating near-term cost volatility. New distribution gains, category expansion, and the ongoing World Cup activation were cited as incremental drivers for the balance of the year, particularly in international and emerging markets. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ramon Laguarta described a multiyear journey to deepen supply chain digitization, AI-driven efficiency, and integrated global innovation execution. Management's scenario planning for 2027 earnings is underway but no new detail was disclosed or incorporated in present-year guidance. PFNA's holistic business transformation included value-seeking consumers returning to core brands and lapsed households reentering the category due to targeted innovation and promotional execution. Functional hydration and energy segments, notably CELSIUS and expanded Gatorade offerings, were positioned as market share growth vectors within PBNA. INDUSTRY GLOSSARY ACV (All Commodity Volume) : A measure of a product’s distribution, indicating the percentage of retail sales volume in stores where the product is available. LRB (Liquid Refreshment Beverages) : Industry term covering all ready-to-drink non-alcoholic beverages, including water, sports drinks, teas, and juices. SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) : A distinct item, such as a product or service, used for inventory tracking and sales analysis. Planogram : A visual diagram or model that indicates product placement on retail shelves to maximize sales and display effectiveness. Full Conference Call Transcript Dara Mohsenian: You guys are first up in large staples, so I thought it was appropriate to start with just an update on any impacts from the Iran conflict that are now contemplated in guidance and how that ties to your full year earnings visibility. So first, maybe, Steve, on the cost side, just can you highlight what's changed in terms of your cost assumptions? Any sizable pressure points individually as you think about the cost situation? And also if you're more locked into this point on cost with hedging and contracts or a bit more open ended for the full year? And I'm presuming costs have gone up. So what are the offsets internally as you think about 2026 earnings visibility? And do you think you still have that visibility even with the external volatility? And then, Ramon, if I can slip a second one in, maybe you can just touch on international demand. Obviously, another solid quarter, continuation of momentum there. But in theory, there's also some macro risk to demand post Iran. So if you can touch on the international regions if you're seeing any impact from the conflict later in March or April so far, that would be helpful. And again, the juxtaposition of sort of internal momentum versus the external volatility and if you think you can drive continued momentum going forward? Stephen Schmitt: Dara, it's Steve. Thanks for the question, and good morning, everyone. Obviously, we've been spending a lot of time here. A few things maybe. The -- we've had no major issues from a supply chain standpoint. We're seeing really nice continuity there. The teams are managing it well. I think in times like these, the scale of PepsiCo is really an advantage. I really want to thank our supply chain and procurement teams for the work they're doing. I know they're working around the clock to manage this, and they're doing a really nice job making sure that we continue to service our customers. We do have some systemic hedging programs in place. That does give us some near-term visibility here. We typically have about 6- to 12-month hedges in place. Now our assumption is that inflation will come. The order of magnitude, we're still working through, and I think a lot of that is still to be determined. And the way I think about it from my experience on how you manage inflation would be kind of 3 ways over time. One, you grow your way through it and really leverage your infrastructure. The second is you push harder on productivity. And third, you do have options with your price pack architecture. We'd like to do the majority of it through the first 2. But I think the reality is, depending on the magnitude and time that we have inflation will likely play in all 3 areas to combat the inflation that we'll see. From a visibility and guidance standpoint, our assumption is that we can mitigate what comes our way this year, and that's really reflected in our assumptions on guidance. And as you might expect, we've started to begin our work on 2027 scenarios, but we're still working through that, and we don't have anything more to share on that today. But Ramon, maybe you take the second part. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Dara, so I would emphasize Steve's point that at this point, in the play, the scale of PepsiCo and the resilience we've built over the last few years, especially after COVID, on our supply chain. We built a lot of redundancy in terms of our key materials and multiple supply points for our key materials. So that's giving us an advantage. Obviously, our hedge program. And as Steve mentioned, the seniority and experience of our leaders on the ground make a big difference because they provide agility, they provide good, good common sense on how to deal with situations, protecting our people, but also driving for growth in moments of complexity. Now with regards to the international business, as you saw, is very strategic to our long-term growth strategy is one of the key pillars. It's been accelerating. And actually, to your question, it continues to accelerate. So we haven't seen an impact on demand in the last -- since the war started. We have very strong commercial programs. Actually, I would say in some markets, we're seeing benefit because we have better supply chain than some of our competitors, especially in the food business. So nothing to -- remarkable at this point. We're executing our very strong commercial programs for the summer. The World Cup is a big driver of execution and innovation during the summer, and the teams are full speed executing that, along with some other transformation of the portfolio. So the international business is very solid, continues to accelerate. And in our guidance, we haven't assumed any impact because we're not seeing any at this point. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Andrea Teixeira: I was hoping to see if you can talk about PFNA a bit more in detail, and congrats on the volume inflection. Can you talk to us about like how the programs have been progressing as we go through the quarter? And how sustainable do you see this performance if you had -- I mean some of the investors may have asked if you had some benefit from shipping ahead of the shelf resets and then the winter storms as well? And if you can comment on that? And how has the repeat rates been in your view for the refilling of those orders? Ramon Laguarta: That's good, Andrea. So if you step back for a minute, early last year, in the spring time, we define the new strategy for the company, focused on growth and very strong productivity to fund the growth. The company has been executed across all the different sectors, this strategy with rigor and a sense of urgency. And we've seen results in Q4 and continued sequential improvement in Q1, as you saw. Now, when you go down to the North America Foods business, this was a holistic commercial study focused on growth. There was some additional value to the consumer. There was more space. There was a restage of some of the key brands like Lays and Tostitos. There was a lot of innovation to accelerate our, what we call permissible and functional. And there was a repurpose of funds towards away from home to accelerate away from home. All of that is delivering for us. So when you see the 2% volume growth is a combination of all these elements, more value in some of the core brands, multipacks and multiserve is one lever, but it's a much more holistic. We feel good about where we are at this point in the journey, still in the process of all the shelf resets and launching the innovation I would say. By the end of Q2, we'll probably be almost completed in that process. But the early reads are quite exciting. Now if you think about 2% volume growth, about 4% unit growth we have increased 300 million occasions in Q1 in the food business, 300 million new occasions to our business compared to Q1 of last year. The away from home business is growing 3x the average of the company. The permissible portfolio is growing double digit in some of the brands. So clearly, all the structural things that we're trying to do are working. And most importantly, we don't talk so much about it, the productivity decisions that we took early last year are giving us that flexibility and optionality to invest in the food business in a way that we couldn't do earlier. So -- and actually, the cost for North America Foods went down in Q1, which is a remarkable achievement by the team. So we're good. We're feeling encouraged also by the results in the last few weeks, where we got positive share. Not only in volume, we've had for quite some periods already, but now we have positive share in value as well, which is one of the KPIs that we set for ourselves early on. So good progress. We'll continue to update, but the execution is -- we're in the middle of this reset execution, but feeling very good about how the brands are reacting, how the customers are supporting and how the teams are executing in the marketplace. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Bonnie Herzog: I had a quick follow-up on PFNA. I just wanted to verify that you still expect to deliver both organic revenue growth and core operating margin expansion this year for the business. And then I do have a question, I guess, on the volume pressures you're seeing at PBNA. I assume your volumes have been pressured as you continue to roll out smaller pack sizes for affordability and then you're leaning in on your price pack architecture initiatives. But I guess, hoping for some color on what's continuing to pressure volumes and maybe your strategy to drive better volume growth this year. I guess, should we assume PBNA volumes will be negative this year, but declines will moderate and improve for the next few quarters? Stephen Schmitt: Thanks, Bonnie. This is Steve. Let me talk about the PFNA, I guess, margin question, I think you asked. If I take a step back, if I look at the total company, core operating margin increased about 10 basis points. We did have a property sale gain from last year in the PFNA business that negatively impacted that. So it would have grown, expanded a little bit more without that. We had organic revenue increase, 2.6%, core EPS increased 9%. So we're pleased with how the total company performed. For PFNA specifically, we're going to continue to play offense. We're investing in value. We have exciting innovation. We're supporting that with additional advertising and marketing, and we're growing volume and sales. So we affirmed our guidance today. We'll manage margin as a total company, but we want to give ourselves as much flexibility as possible within the segments to do what's necessary to hit our guidance overall. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And Bonnie, on the North America Beverages business, we've been -- we're talking about this case pack water transition to a third party. That's still part of the numbers in Q1. It will -- I think it lasts at -- in. So we only have 1 more month to lap. If you excluded that transition, the volume is actually almost flat. And we expect that, that acceleration will continue in the coming periods. Now what's exciting about PBNA at this point is the business grew 9%, right, 9%. Now it's a combination of organic growth, revenue growth of 2 plus 7 points of additional platforms that are now in our distribution system. Some of that is business that we acquired like poppi, some of that is an increased portfolio of energy brands that are generating growth to our business. So we feel good about the 9%. We feel good about the acceleration, the 2% inorganic, and we feel good about the fact that we have flat volume as case by water and that, that progress will -- that acceleration will continue in the coming quarters. Our expectation is to have positive volume growth case pack water in the coming quarters. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren Lieberman: I wanted to maybe get a little bit more granular, if we can on some of the trends in the PFNA business, knowing that Nielsen scanner doesn't capture everything. One thing that stood out to us is Lays. Lays is one of the businesses where I think you moved earliest, you had the Great Super Bowl commercial, refreshing the visual imagery, emphasizing simple ingredients, price adjustments and so on. And that business well is improving, it still looks pretty weak in aggregate, volumes bumpy, but still generally down and organic down pretty significantly. So I just wanted to talk -- hear your response to that kind of next steps. I would think that's the business that's the toughest in terms of kind of mainstream competition and less differentiation. But you're the furthest along there. So just maybe your perspective, what I might be missing on how that turnaround has been progressing from your perspective. Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, it's good. The Lays brand is part of, as I said, a more holistic restage of the full business. We're well under -- this is a global brand restage, so Lays is being restaged globally. Is performing very well globally. It is performing well in the U.S. We grew volume this quarter in Lays in particular. But if you step back and say, okay, what's happening at PFNA, we grew volume 2%. We grew occasions units 4%, and we grew 300 million occasions in the quarter versus Q1 last year. That, for us, some of the success metrics that we're looking at. The other set of KPIs we're looking is household penetration, and we see household penetration gains across all our core brands. And on top of that, we see our permissible portfolio growing, in some cases, double digit, brands like SunChips, Smartfood, and some others. So holistically, we think we're in a very good place. The fact that we're back to gaining share in the last 3 weeks, we use IRI. We don't use Nielsen internally. That's the data point that we have. In IRI, we're gaining share of in value terms, in the last few weeks, and we've been gaining volume share now for, I think, 3 or 4 periods. So overall, we think that the consumer is back in our brands. The consumer is coming back multiple times to our brand responding to our holistic value plus execution plus advertising plus innovation strategy. And there will be more -- as we execute the full space transformation and innovation execution, we'll see -- we're very optimistic about the sequential improvement of that business. And we think we're on track -- actually a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be by now. Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas. Kevin Grundy: Congrats on the progress in the quarter. Wanted to ask you both on the organic sales guidance and your expectations for the back half of the year. So I think the existing commentary was that is successful with North America Foods and International continues to progress well, et cetera, you could deliver toward the higher end of the 2% to 4% in the back half of the year. You sounded good on international to me, maybe even a little bit better despite the conflict promising with the return to volumes in North America Foods and same on with beverages. So I just want to see if that is still the expectation that the exit rate for the year is going to be closer to the lower end of your long-term guidance of the 4% to 6%. So your comments there would be helpful. Stephen Robert Powers: Sure. Kevin, this is Steve. Maybe I'll start. Really no change in the guidance from the top line standpoint. We guided 2% to 4% and the upper end of that in the towards the back half of the year, and that is a good estimate as we can give you at this point in time. In terms of the progress of the financial performance over the year, I think in the last call, we talked a little bit about the year being balanced between the first half and second half. And I still think that's as good of an estimate as we can give you at this point in time. Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Kevin, I think the if you look at all the execution of the hungry and thirsty for growth strategy across the company is very positive. So we see an acceleration, international continue that. We've seen momentum in PBNA, both organic and reported. So that is good as well. And sequential growth in PFNA. As I said, probably a little bit ahead of what we thought at this time. So nothing has changed for us to give you guys a different guidance on how we see the business evolving and where we plan to be by the end of the year. . Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Filippo Falorni: I wanted to ask a follow-up on PFNA, especially on the innovation and the distribution gains that you're expecting. Ramon, you mentioned you should be mostly done by the end of Q2. So how should we think about the relative size of distribution gains and the contribution from innovation in Q2 versus Q1. You have a lot of products shipping in Q2, like the protein, Good Warrior, Smartfood, good fiber. So I was just curious like your plans into Q2 in terms of innovation contribution and then the distribution gain, should we see an acceleration into late April and May? If you can comment on that would be great. Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Filippo, I think we are obviously different launches, different stages of ACV that we have. But if you think about the majority of our innovation is, let's say, 40%, 50% ACV at this point. So we should expect that we accelerate that in the balance of the quarter and into the summer. The same with the planogram resets were probably 50% more or less in the process of transformation of the space for the year. The space gains that we are getting from our retail partners are pretty much as we expected. Some customers a bit more, some customers, a bit less, and we continue to work with them in a win-win programs for the summer where this category is very relevant to consumers. So that's more or less the journey that we're in and why we think that we would be accelerating the business in the summer. I mean, towards the summer. Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Michael Lavery: Can you just maybe unpack some of the top line in PFNA a little bit more? And maybe elaborate on the timing of some of the price adjustments. Obviously, we see the segment price down, but just modestly in the first quarter. How much more is in place versus maybe still to come? And then just on some of the category assumptions looking ahead, some of the SNAP revisions and cuts are still quite early. Anything you're seeing or how you're factoring that into guidance and just maybe some thoughts on your expectations for GLP-1 impact. Stephen Schmitt: Maybe I'll -- this is Steve. Maybe I'll take the SNAP question. We did have 8 states. They were 8 states that began restriction in the first quarter. It's mainly beverages and candy. I think it's too early to come to any definitive conclusions right now in terms of impact. It's obviously something we'll watch closely, see how customers balance that funds with other discretionary income for purchases over time. I think the LRB category overall remains robust, and we'll continue to monitor it. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And on the -- to complement what Steve said. On the food side, we're seeing the Sabra snacks category accelerating with -- part of that is our efforts, obviously, to bring more consumers into the category. Our retail partners are working with us in that journey is a very relevant category to everybody. We're seeing that category accelerating. In many parts of the world, snacks, Sabra snacks is growing ahead of food in the U.S., some weeks is already growing ahead of food, which is a good sign, and we're gaining share of that category. So overall, we see LRB consistently growing above food and beverages, and we've seen Sabra snacks continuing to accelerate and eventually stabilizing and growing ahead of food and beverages, which has been the historic norm in the past. That is one of the -- we've always thought that as, as leaders of the, Sabra is a category, one of our key objectives, make sure that the category is healthy, and we continue to bring consumers into the category. Some of them had lapsed. They're coming back, innovating to bring more families, more consumers into the category. So that's the assumption for balance of the year. And so far, so good. As I said, we've brought in a lot of consumption occasions into the category in Q1, and we see the same trends in Q2. . Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen . Robert Moskow: You talked about your market shares in PFNA. I want to know if you could talk about it in PBNA also. Is it fair to say that on a value basis, those shares are still in decline. And is that part of your strategic review? Will you be evaluating how to improve market share as well as what I think we're all focused on the bottler network? Ramon Laguarta: For sure. I mean, obviously, market share is a key. -- let's step back for a minute. PBNA is growing 9% total business, right? So we're growing at an accelerated way, including energy. So we see ourselves participating in the energy portfolio through our CELSIUS investment and our distribution of CELSIUS, that's gaining share. We see ourselves, obviously, very statistically leading the functional hydration category and that category is accelerating. For the first time in several years, we see functional hydration, including sports and the rest of functional hydration growing ahead of LRB. That's a key objective for us as well. . We see Gatorade and Propel gaining share there. We still have some work to do on accelerating the coffee business and accelerating the tea business, where we're also leaders. Some of the innovation that we have in the Starbucks portfolio is intended to do that. And then in CSDs, we continue to have good growth in modern soda, which is a segment that keeps accelerating. Our poppi business is starting to accelerate now, and then obviously, we have opportunities with Mountain Dew that we have highlighted for quite some time. Now some of the innovation that we've put on the market early innings, but both the Dirty Mountain Dew and Baja and cabo, different flavors on the Mountain Dew are starting to grow the brand, which is very encouraging for us. And then on the Pepsi business, we're lapping some of the events that happened last year. We continue to see no sugar Pepsi growing ahead of competitors, and we are optimizing pricing sizing on the rest of the business to participate in a better way in the -- during the summer period. So overall business, we feel good about the 9% top line growth and how we're participating in different segments of the category to drive the growth for PBNA. Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Peter Grom: I wanted to ask a follow-up on PFNA. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you expect sequential improvement for the division in '26. So I just wanted to clarify if that was a broad-based comment, or should we expect organic sales to continue to show improvement relative to the 1% growth that you delivered this past quarter? And I guess, if it's the latter, can you maybe provide some guardrails around what to expect as we think about the balance of the year? Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean our current assumptions is we continue to accelerate organic -- I mean first volume, we'll continue to grow volume, which is consumption units into the brands, Consumption Act. We'll continue to accelerate organic and reported revenue growth. becomes organic as of next quarter, I think. And then we'll -- our intentions and how we're thinking about the balance of the year is growing our profit growth in North America Foods again. That's how we're thinking about the business sequentially. Now Steve mentioned that we're going to manage the business as part of the broader portfolio, we're going to continue to be on the attack trying to make sure that we stabilize the top line, and we continue to make this category the Sabra snacks category growing ahead of foods and making this a place where both us and the retailers want to invest and continue to grow for the future. Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Stephen Robert Powers: Ramon, recognizing that it's still early in the PFNA momentum rebuild. I guess, have you seen any meaningful change at all in competitive intensity, whether pricing promotions or on shelf behavior? And I guess, given the incrementality of your building cost inflation. How do you think the food industry broadly will balance? What are clear consumer affordability concerns with -- the producer needs to offset costs. Is there a chance that, that could interrupt your own affordability investments? Or I guess, conversely, does that -- are you looking at that as a potential natural limitation on the risk or more aggressive competitive pricing response to your own actions as we build through the year? How are you thinking about those dynamics? Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I'm sure there will be -- as we enter the high season for the category in the summer with all the big holidays, I'm sure there will be more competitiveness in the category. And -- but we have our plans for this. It's not only price. It's trying to provide that. The growth strategy for Frito is not only price. Price is one element, obviously, that is very relevant for many consumers to get back to our category, but its innovation, its execution is making sure that all the elements in retail and away from home continue to be successful. Now with regards to the productivity story that we have, I don't know if our competitors have the same productivity story, but we've been focused on reducing cost, cost per unit and overall cost for the food business and all the North America business and across the company, actually. And that has been a very successful strategy for us. We still have a lot of non-executed drivers of productivity in the coming quarters and years that would help us continue to give consumers the right value and compete probably in a better way against the other food manufacturers. So that's how we're thinking about the next innings in the journey. And we'll see how inflation behaves as Steve said earlier, we're going to play a full portfolio and want to make sure that we win in the marketplace with PFNA, whilst we continue to deliver the overall profit growth targets for the full organization. Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Robert Ottenstein: So most of the focus today has been on the top line. I'm wondering if we could kind of dive into and you just started to touch on it a little bit the productivity programs. I think you mentioned that you're on track to having perhaps a record year on productivity. So can you talk about maybe the major buckets for productivity what you're doing maybe differently this year than in prior years because you've obviously been focused on productivity for a number of years. And then how you see that productivity gain scaling up through this year and into next year? . Stephen Schmitt: Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Steve. Well, productivity is one of these never-ending battles that we're going to have. We are benefiting from some of the moves from last year, the reduced headcount, plant closures, reduction in SKU count. It's encouraging to see key metrics like cases per hour and our supply chain continue to improve. So we've got some things that are really working in our favor that allow us to play offense as much as we have to grow volume. We're going to continue to remain very focused on customer service measures while we do this and reduce expenses. I think overall, we have more work to do on the total company cost structure. It's little things that we'll look at like just different things in the supply chain. It's like whether overtime hours are trending the way we want. The little details of how we're operating to make sure that we get the operating metrics really in line with where we need them to be to drive the productivity overall in the company. But we have good progress there. We have lots of work to do, and it's a big part of our strategy to make sure we continue to play offense. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And also, I would add some of the big drivers that we've been talking about in the past, we continue to execute. So global shared services, deploying technology across the company and AI, both in our supply chain, but also how we do transportation, how we optimize routes. If you think about in many countries around the world, we're moving to digital ordering systems where we reduced the number and the time that our salesman expect to take an order. And so we're leveraging technology in a very holistic way and AI and data to drive efficiency and transformation of cost. Not only efficiency across the system, both supply chain and go to market, the 2 big buckets. We're also optimizing our advertising and marketing. We're getting better at the multiyear journey on return on investment on marketing and trade. So those are big -- 2 big demand budgets that we're optimizing. So if you think about where we are in the journey, we're in the multiyear journey, and we're executing all these strategies across all of our anchor markets, obviously including the U.S. And we're tested on learning, the idea of can we create more value, both growth and cost by integrating more of the supply chain in the U.S., and we're live in some tests in Texas, and we're going to deploy that in some other states. That is another vector of cost transformation going forward that we're going to learn more in the next few quarters and update you guys later in the year, early next year. Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Kaumil Gajrawala: Ramon, you had mentioned the very substantial increase in the number of occasions. Can you maybe dig into that a little bit more? Who are these consumers? Or what are those occasions? Are they different from the core? It sounds like it was obviously quite a success so far. I just like to learn more about what's behind it. Ramon Laguarta: I'll give you a couple of examples, Kaumil, and so you can get a sense. Obviously, by optimizing the value in some of our multi-serve and multipacks, both in Lays, Doritos, RUFFLES, et cetera, and also in Gatorade, we are bringing lapsed consumers into the brand. So these are consumers that had left the brand, either moved to stop buying the category or moving somewhere else. So that is kind of growth in the core. At the same time, if you think about the consumers that are coming into the category because of innovations like Naked or we're seeing already some in some of the innovation from Gatorade with no artificial, low sugar. We're seeing consumers that were not in the category, but because they love our favorite. Now we're offering solutions with no colors, no artificial colors, no artificial flavors and they're coming back to the category. So 2 types of consumers coming into the category because both of a stronger core and also innovation that drives incrementality to the category. And I think we're going to continue to play both levers. The other -- obviously, that applies to both foods and beverages, and we will continue to do this not only in the U.S., but also in our international markets where we're starting to deploy some of the innovation from the U.S., and we're seeing also an acceleration of the category, especially developed markets in Europe. Operator: Our last question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Christopher Carey: Just back to PFNA way back to the beginning of the call on Bonnie's question, did you change your investment targets or goals for the business this year? And if so, where are you seeing greater opportunity to invest? And Ramon, you flagged the World Cup as an activation event. What does a World Cup activation look like for PepsiCo, perhaps specifically for Frito, how is it different versus past events? And are you embedding any of that uplift in your outlook? Stephen Schmitt: Chris, it's Steve. Thanks for the question. The comments I was making earlier, I think to Bonnie's question, is that we just want to give ourselves as much flexibility as possible to manage all of the sectors and all of our businesses to hit the numbers that we've given you with our guidance. So that's what I was just trying to illustrate is that we want as much flexibility. There's a lot happening in the world that we need to manage and navigate through. And so we're going to give ourselves as much flexibility within the business to make the decisions that are right for the total company. Ramon Laguarta: No, listen, and World Cup is -- obviously, we're sponsors on the food side across the world. And this is obviously a very big opportunity to engage consumers. This is a real passion point for many consumers. I mean, I'm a big fan of soccer and I see how we feel at that moment. Now it's very holistic. If you think about innovation, we're going to have flavors from around the world, being executed in every market. Obviously, there's space gains, there's activations. But most importantly, from the consumer occasions point of view, we are working on no Lays no game, which is kind of an activity that -- or a campaign that we've been executing globally for quite some time, we'll double down on that with some of our global football players. And the idea is link Lays to the occasion of sports watching and making sure that when there is gatherings of consumers watching the game, this is activated. We're going to personalize, obviously, for different -- we know, more or less, who supports what team and then we're going to be able to personalize the communication to consumers. We're going to have fun of the match. So we're going to have different activations in every game where our Lays brand will nominate funds of the match. We're going to have Quaker participating as well in the event as the players walk into the stadium, the children will have Quaker brand, and that's going to be part of the restage of Quaker globally. And then obviously, we have partnerships with our retailers and quick delivery partners around the world to make sure that we capture those occasions in the moment and the consumers have the opportunity to order Lays and to order some of our drink combinations to enjoy the game with friends. A lot of occasion development, a lot of brand awareness, a lot of personalization and some innovation to drive excitement across the world, obviously, space gains and retail partnerships. So it's a very holistic activation across the world. I think especially for countries where per capita low. This is a huge idea for us to bring new consumers into the brand and also to develop frequency and some new occasions. So we're excited, and we can already see the some of the acceleration in some of the international markets because of this activation. So thank you very much for your questions and your support and thank you for the confidence you've placed in us in PepsiCo and look forward to further conversations in coming quarters. Thank you very much. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day. Read Next Jul 28, 2026 • By John Ballard 2 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Jul 26, 2026 • By Matt DiLallo Can You Invest in Impossible Foods Pre-IPO? Details & Alternatives to Consider Jul 20, 2026 • By Micah Zimmerman Dividend Stock Showdown: Is Coca-Cola or PepsiCo the Better Buy Right Now? Jul 17, 2026 • By Parkev Tatevosian, CFA 3 Undervalued Dividend Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever Jul 14, 2026 • By Lyle Daly Chipotle (CMG) Competitors: Fast-Casual Dining Alternatives Jul 14, 2026 • By Jeremy Bowman Best Consumer Staples Stocks to Buy in 2026 and How to Invest in Them This article is a transcript of this conference call produced for The Motley Fool. While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript. Parts of this article were created using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on The Motley Fool's insights and investing approach. It has been reviewed by our AI quality control systems. Since LLMs cannot (currently) own stocks, it has no positions in any of the stocks mentioned. As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings. Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Stocks Mentioned PepsiCo NASDAQ : PEP $143.50 ( +0.45% ) +$0.64 Motley Fool Stock Advisor ’ s Latest Pick Get Access ---% Avg Return *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Premium Investing Services Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. View Premium Services Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube Instagram TikTok © The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool About Us Careers Research Newsroom Contact Advertise Our Services All Services Stock Advisor Epic Epic Plus Fool Portfolios Fool One Motley Fool Money Around the Globe Fool Australia Fool Canada Free Tools CAPS Stock Ratings Discussion Boards Calculators Financial Dictionary Affiliates & Friends Motley Fool Asset Management Motley Fool Wealth Management Motley Fool Ventures Fool Community Foundation Become an Affiliate Partner Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Arrow-Thin-Down S&P 500 7,316.15 -1.5% -112.63 Arrow-Thin-Down DJI 51,594.14 -2.2% -1,153.18 Arrow-Thin-Down NASDAQ 24,442.94 -1.7% -433.97 Arrow-Thin-Down Bitcoin $64,524.00 -0.1% -$49.48 Arrow-Thin-Down SPCX $112.55 -3.3% -$3.86 Arrow-Thin-Down AAPL $338.19 -0.6% -$1.89 Arrow-Thin-Down AMZN $226.65 -1.8% -$4.21 Arrow-Thin-Down GOOG $335.76 +0.9% +$3.16 Arrow-Thin-Down META $585.61 -1.3% -$7.80 Arrow-Thin-Down MSFT $390.54 -0.7% -$2.81 Arrow-Thin-Down NVDA $190.01 -3.6% -$7.00 Arrow-Thin-Down TSLA $298.32 -3.0% -$9.12 arrow-left arrow-right Most Active Stocks Daily Stock Gainers Daily Stock Losers Earnings Call Transcript PepsiCo (PEP) Q1 2026 Earnings Call Transcript By Motley Fool Transcribing – Apr 16, 2026 at 10:24AM EST + Fool.com on Share Summarize with AI