=== PRESS RELEASE ===

Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/77476/000007747623000025/q120238-kxexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 q120238-kxexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 PepsiCo Reports First-Quarter 2023 Results; Raises Full-Year Guidance Reported (GAAP) First-Quarter 2023 Results First-Quarter Net revenue growth 10.2% Foreign exchange impact on net revenue (2.5)% Earnings per share (EPS) $1.40 EPS change (54)% Foreign exchange impact on EPS (2)% Organic/Core (non-GAAP) First-Quarter 2023 Results First-Quarter Organic revenue growth 14.3% Core EPS $1.50 Core constant currency EPS change 18% PURCHASE, N.Y. - April 25, 2023 - PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) today reported results for the first quarter 2023. “We are very pleased with our performance and business momentum as our categories and geographies remained resilient during the first quarter. Given our strong start to the year, we now expect our full-year 2023 organic revenue to increase 8 percent (previously 6 percent) and core constant currency EPS to increase 9 percent (previously 8 percent),” said Chairman and CEO Ramon Laguarta. Laguarta continued, “Our results demonstrate that the investments we have made to become an even Faster, even Stronger, and even Better organization by Winning with pep+ are laying the foundation for durable and sustainable growth. We remain committed to our strategic agenda and will continue to invest in our people, brands, supply chain, go-to-market systems, and digitization initiatives to build competitive advantages and win in the marketplace.” Please refer to the Glossary for the definitions of non-GAAP financial measures, including “Organic revenue growth,” “Core” and “Constant currency,” and to “Guidance and Outlook” for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s full-year 2023 financial guidance. PepsiCo provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange and commodity mark-to-market net impacts. Please refer to PepsiCo’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 12 weeks ended March 25, 2023 (Q1 2023 Form 10-Q) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for additional information regarding PepsiCo’s financial results. Summary First-Quarter 2023 Performance Revenue Volume (a) GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Organic % Change % Change Foreign Exchange Translation Acquisitions and Divestitures Convenient Foods Beverages Frito-Lay North America — — — Quaker Foods North America — (5) PepsiCo Beverages North America — (2) Latin America (6) Europe (5) (11) Africa, Middle East and South Asia — (8) Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region (1) — Total 2.5 (3) Operating Profit and EPS GAAP Reported % Change Percentage Point Impact Core Constant Currency % Change Items Affecting Comparability Foreign Exchange Translation Frito-Lay North America — — Quaker Foods North America — — PepsiCo Beverages North America (86) Latin America (1) (6) Europe n/m n/m Africa, Middle East and South Asia (6) (6) Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 5.5 — Corporate unallocated expenses (102) — Total (50) EPS (54) (a) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the volume change shown here differs from the impact of organic volume on net revenue growth disclosed in the Organic Revenue Growth Rates table on page A-8, due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bottler case sales (BCS) and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE). We report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. n/m - Not meaningful due to the impact of impairment and other charges in 2022. Note: Amounts may not sum due to rounding. Organic revenue and core constant currency results are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP information in the attached exhibits and to the Glossary for definitions of “Organic revenue growth,” “Core” and “Constant currency.” Guidance and Outlook The Company provides guidance on a non-GAAP basis as we cannot predict certain elements which are included in reported GAAP results, including the impact of foreign exchange translation and commodity mark-to-market net impacts. For fiscal year 2023, the Company now expects to deliver 8 percent organic revenue growth (previously 6 percent), and 9 percent core constant currency EPS growth (previously 8 percent). Consistent with its previous guidance for 2023, the Company continues to expect: • A core annual effective tax rate of 20 percent; and • Total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $7.7 billion, comprised of dividends of $6.7 billion and share repurchases of $1.0 billion. In addition, the Company continues to expect an approximate 2-percentage-point foreign exchange translation headwind to impact reported net revenue and core EPS growth based on current market consensus rates. This assumption and the guidance above imply 2023 core EPS of $7.27 (previously $7.20), a 7 percent increase (previously 6 percent) compared to 2022 core EPS of $6.79. Prepared Management Remarks and Live Question and Answer Webcast At approximately 6:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on April 25, 2023, the Company will post prepared management remarks (in pdf format) of its first quarter 2023 results and business update, including its outlook for 2023, at www.pepsico.com/investors . At 8:15 a.m. (Eastern time) on April 25, 2023, the Company will host a live question and answer session with investors and financial analysts. Further details will be accessible on the Company’s website at www.pepsico.com/investors . Contacts: Investor Relations Communications investor@pepsico.com pepsicomediarelations@pepsico.com PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income (in millions except per share amounts, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 3/19/2022 Net Revenue $ 17,846 $ 16,200 Cost of sales 7,988 7,433 Gross profit 9,858 8,767 Selling, general and administrative expenses (a) 7,229 6,580 Gain associated with the Juice Transaction (b) — (3,322) Impairment of intangible assets (c) — Operating Profit 2,629 5,267 Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Net interest expense and other (200) (240) Income before income taxes 2,490 5,161 Provision for income taxes Net income 1,944 4,273 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 1,932 $ 4,261 Diluted Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share $ 1.40 $ 3.06 Weighted-average common shares outstanding 1,384 1,391 (a) The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for the 12 weeks ended March 25, 2023, as compared to the 12 weeks ended March 19, 2022, primarily reflects higher selling and distribution costs. (b) In the 12 weeks ended March 19, 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands to PAI Partners for $3.5 billion in cash and a 39% noncontrolling interest in a joint venture operating across North America and Europe (Juice Transaction). (c) In the 12 weeks ended March 19, 2022, we recorded pre-tax impairment charges of $242 million, primarily related to the repositioning or discontinuation of certain juice and dairy brands in Russia. A - 1 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (in millions and unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 3/19/2022 Net Revenue Frito-Lay North America $ 5,583 $ 4,839 Quaker Foods North America PepsiCo Beverages North America 5,798 5,353 Latin America 1,777 1,474 Europe 1,886 1,797 Africa, Middle East and South Asia 1,019 1,004 Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 1,006 1,020 Total $ 17,846 $ 16,200 Operating Profit/(Loss) Frito-Lay North America $ 1,599 $ 1,296 Quaker Foods North America PepsiCo Beverages North America 3,434 Latin America Europe (136) Africa, Middle East and South Asia Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region Corporate unallocated expenses (471) (204) Total $ 2,629 $ 5,267 A - 2 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 3/19/2022 Operating Activities Net income $ 1,944 $ 4,273 Depreciation and amortization Gain associated with the Juice Transaction — (3,322) Impairment and other (credits)/charges (13) Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization Share-based compensation expense Restructuring and impairment charges Cash payments for restructuring charges (64) (32) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Cash payments for acquisition and divestiture-related charges (4) (17) Pension and retiree medical plan expense/(income) (1) Pension and retiree medical plan contributions (175) (178) Deferred income taxes and other tax charges and credits Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts and notes receivable (348) (837) Inventories (542) (549) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (288) (190) Accounts payable and other current liabilities (2,259) (1,238) Income taxes payable Other, net (133) Net Cash Used for Operating Activities (392) (174) Investing Activities Capital spending (581) (522) Sales of property, plant and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, investments in noncontrolled affiliates and purchases of intangible and other assets (16) (13) Proceeds associated with the Juice Transaction — 3,456 Other divestitures, sales of investments in noncontrolled affiliates and other assets Short-term investments, by original maturity: More than three months - purchases (158) — More than three months - maturities — Three months or less, net Other investing, net — Net Cash (Used for)/Provided by Investing Activities (532) 2,955 (Continued on following page) A - 3 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) (in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 3/19/2022 Financing Activities Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 2,986 — Payments of long-term debt (1,251) (1,251) Short-term borrowings, by original maturity: More than three months - proceeds More than three months - payments (1) — Three months or less, net Cash dividends paid (1,608) (1,505) Share repurchases - common (160) (193) Proceeds from exercises of stock options Withholding tax payments on restricted stock units and performance stock units converted (116) (85) Other financing (3) (1) Net Cash Provided by/(Used for) Financing Activities (1,780) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (116) (17) Net (Decrease)/Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (263) Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Year 5,100 5,707 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period $ 4,837 $ 6,691 Supplemental Non-Cash Activity Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations $ $ A - 4 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (in millions except per share amounts) (unaudited) 3/25/2023 12/31/2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 4,770 $ 4,954 Short-term investments Accounts and notes receivable, net 10,469 10,163 Inventories: Raw materials and packaging 2,435 2,366 Work-in-process Finished goods 3,147 2,742 5,697 5,222 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,057 Total Current Assets 22,427 21,539 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 24,228 24,291 Amortizable Intangible Assets, net 1,250 1,277 Goodwill 18,089 18,202 Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 14,273 14,309 Investments in Noncontrolled Affiliates 3,123 3,073 Deferred Income Taxes 4,211 4,204 Other Assets 5,441 5,292 Total Assets $ 93,042 $ 92,187 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Short-term debt obligations $ 4,281 $ 3,414 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 21,556 23,371 Total Current Liabilities 25,837 26,785 Long-Term Debt Obligations 37,486 35,657 Deferred Income Taxes 4,039 4,133 Other Liabilities 8,505 8,339 Total Liabilities 75,867 74,914 Commitments and contingencies PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity Common stock, par value 1 / ¢ per share (authorized 3,600 shares; issued, net of repurchased common stock at par value: 1,378 and 1,377 shares, respectively) Capital in excess of par value 3,996 4,134 Retained earnings 68,142 67,800 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (15,601) (15,302) Repurchased common stock, in excess of par value (489 and 490 shares, respectively) (39,518) (39,506) Total PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity 17,042 17,149 Noncontrolling interests Total Equity 17,175 17,273 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 93,042 $ 92,187 A - 5 Non-GAAP Measures In discussing financial results and guidance, the Company refers to the following measures which are not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP): organic revenue growth, core results and core constant currency results. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends. We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market gains or losses (non-cash); charges related to restructuring plans; charges associated with acquisitions and divestitures; gains associated with divestitures; asset impairment charges (non-cash); pension and retiree medical-related amounts, including all settlement and curtailment gains and losses; charges or adjustments related to the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, such as tax law changes; amounts related to the resolution of tax positions; tax benefits related to reorganizations of our operations; debt redemptions, cash tender or exchange offers; and remeasurements of net monetary assets. See below for a description of adjustments to our GAAP financial measures included herein. Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. Glossary We use the following definitions when referring to our non-GAAP financial measures, which may not be the same as or comparable to similar measures presented by other companies: Acquisitions and divestitures: mergers and acquisition activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. Bottler case sales (BCS): Measure of physical beverage volume shipped to retailers and independent distributors from both PepsiCo and our independent bottlers. Concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE): Measure of our physical beverage volume shipments to independent bottlers. Constant currency: Financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current-year U.S. dollar results by the current-year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. Core: Core results are non-GAAP financial measures which exclude certain items from our financial results. For further information regarding these excluded items, refer to “Items Affecting Comparability” in “Item 2 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Q1 2023 Form 10-Q and in “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. For the periods presented, core results exclude the following items: Mark-to-market net impact Mark-to-market net gains and losses on commodity derivatives in corporate unallocated expenses. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Restructuring and impairment charges Expenses related to the multi-year productivity plan publicly announced in 2019, which was expanded and extended through the end of 2028 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives of the plan. Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges include merger and integration charges and costs associated with divestitures. Divestiture-related charges reflect transaction expenses, including consulting, advisory and other professional fees. A - 6 Gain associated with the Juice Transaction We recognized a gain associated with the Juice Transaction in our PepsiCo Beverages North America and Europe divisions. Impairment and other charges/credits We recognized Russia-Ukraine conflict charges, brand portfolio impairment charges and other impairment charges as described below. Russia-Ukraine conflict charges In connection with the deadly conflict in Ukraine, we recognized charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment impairment, allowance for expected credit losses, inventory write-downs and other costs. Brand portfolio impairment charges We recognized intangible asset, investment and property, plant and equipment impairments and other charges as a result of management’s decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment. We also recognized adjustments to the charges recorded in the prior year related to the sale of a non-strategic brand. Other impairment charges We recognized impairment charges related to certain of our indefinite-lived intangible assets which reflected an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital as well as our estimates of future financial performance as of the fourth quarter of 2022. Pension and retiree medical-related impact Pension and retiree medical-related impact primarily includes settlement charges related to lump sum distributions exceeding the total of annual service and interest costs, as well as curtailment gains. Tax benefit related to the IRS audit We recognized a non-cash tax benefit resulting from our agreement with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to settle one of the issues assessed in the 2014 through 2016 tax audit. The agreement covers tax years 2014 through 2019. Tax expense related to the TCJ Act Tax expense related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act) reflects adjustments to the mandatory transition tax liability under the TCJ Act. Effective net pricing: Reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. Organic revenue growth: A measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation, acquisitions and divestitures and every five or six years, the impact of an additional week of results (53 rd reporting week), including in our fourth quarter 2022 financial results. We believe organic revenue growth provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it excludes items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. 2023 guidance Our 2023 organic revenue growth guidance excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, foreign exchange translation and the impact of a 53 rd reporting week in 2022. Our 2023 core effective tax rate guidance and 2023 core constant currency EPS growth guidance exclude the mark-to-market net impact included in corporate unallocated expenses, restructuring and impairment charges, and other items noted above. Our 2023 core constant currency EPS growth guidance also excludes the impact of foreign exchange translation. We are unable to reconcile our full year projected 2023 organic revenue growth to our full year projected 2023 reported net revenue growth because we are unable to predict the 2023 impact of foreign exchange due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and because we are unable to predict the occurrence or impact of any acquisitions and divestitures. We are also not able to reconcile our full year projected 2023 core effective tax rate to our full year projected 2023 reported effective tax rate and our full year projected 2023 core constant currency EPS growth to our full year projected 2023 reported EPS growth because we are unable to predict the 2023 impact of foreign exchange or the mark-to-market net impact on commodity derivatives due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. Therefore, we are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures. A - 7 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information Organic Revenue Growth Rates 12 Weeks Ended March 25, 2023 (unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Impact of Impact of Net Revenue Year over Year % Change Reported % Change, GAAP Measure Foreign exchange translation Acquisitions and divestitures Organic % Change, Non-GAAP Measure (b) Organic volume (c) Effective net pricing Frito-Lay North America % — — % — Quaker Foods North America % — % (5) PepsiCo Beverages North America % — % (3) Latin America % (6) % Europe % % (9) Africa, Middle East and South Asia % — % (2) Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region (1) % — % 2.5 Total (a) % 2.5 % (2) (a) Acquisitions and divestitures primarily reflect the Juice Transaction in PepsiCo Beverages North America and Europe. (b) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-6 through A-7 for further discussion. (c) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, the impact of organic volume on net revenue growth shown here differs from the volume change disclosed in the Summary First-Quarter 2023 Performance table on page 2, due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 8 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Year over Year Growth Rates 12 Weeks Ended March 25, 2023 (unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Impact of Items Affecting Comparability Impact of Year over Year % Change Reported % Change, GAAP Measure Mark-to-market net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Gain associated with the Juice Transaction Impairment and other charges/credits Core % Change, Non-GAAP Measure (a) Foreign exchange translation Core Constant Currency % Change, Non-GAAP Measure (a) Frito-Lay North America % — — — — — % — % Quaker Foods North America % — — — — — % — % PepsiCo Beverages North America (86) % — — (1) — % % Latin America % — (1) — — — % (6) % Europe n/m — n/m n/m n/m n/m % % Africa, Middle East and South Asia (6) % — — — (7) (12) % % Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region 5.5 % — (1) — — 5.5 % % Corporate unallocated expenses % (105) — — % — % Total Operating Profit (50) % (1) (11) % % Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo (55) % (1) (12) % % Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per common share – diluted (54) % (1) (12) % % (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-6 through A-7 for further discussion. n/m - Not meaningful due to the impact of impairment and other charges in 2022. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 9 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Certain Line Items 12 Weeks Ended March 25, 2023 and March 19, 2022 (in millions except per share amounts, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Provision for income taxes (b) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to PepsiCo Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share - diluted Effective tax rate (c) Reported, GAAP Measure $ 7,988 $ 9,858 $ 7,229 $ 2,629 $ $ $ $ 1,932 $ 1.40 21.9 % Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact (14) (57) — — 0.04 0.1 Restructuring and impairment charges (3) (110) (1) 0.07 (0.4) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges — — (2) — — — — Impairment and other charges/credits (4) (13) — — — (13) (0.01) 0.1 Core, Non-GAAP Measure (a) $ 7,975 $ 9,871 $ 7,069 $ 2,802 $ $ $ $ 2,071 $ 1.50 21.7 % 12 Weeks Ended 3/19/2022 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Gain associated with the Juice Transaction Impairment of intangible assets Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits income Provision for income taxes (b) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share - diluted Effective tax rate (c) Reported, GAAP Measure $ 7,433 $ 8,767 $ 6,580 (3,322) $ 5,267 $ $ $ 4,261 $ 3.06 17.2 % Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact (33) — — (112) — (26) (86) (0.06) (0.1) Restructuring and impairment charges (5) (22) — — — 0.02 — Acquisition and divestiture-related charges — — (50) — — 0.03 — Gain associated with the Juice Transaction — — — 3,322 — (3,322) — (452) (2,870) (2.06) 4.5 Impairment and other charges/credits (140) (100) — (242) — 0.31 (1.0) Pension and retiree medical-related impact — — — — — — (16) (4) (12) (0.01) — Core, Non-GAAP Measure (a) $ 7,321 $ 8,879 $ 6,487 $ — $ — $ 2,392 $ $ $ 1,795 $ 1.29 20.6 % (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-6 through A-7 for further discussion. (b) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction. (c) The impact of items affecting comparability on our effective tax rate represents the difference in the effective tax rate resulting from a higher or lower tax rate applicable to the items affecting comparability. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 10 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) Operating Profit by Division 12 Weeks Ended March 25, 2023 and March 19, 2022 (in millions, unaudited) 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Items Affecting Comparability Operating Profit Reported, GAAP Measure Mark-to-market net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Impairment and other charges/credits Core, Non-GAAP Measure (a) Frito-Lay North America $ 1,599 $ — $ $ — $ — $ 1,606 Quaker Foods North America — — — — PepsiCo Beverages North America — — Latin America — — — Europe — — — Africa, Middle East and South Asia — — (13) Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region — — — Corporate unallocated expenses (471) — — (399) Total $ 2,629 $ $ $ $ (13) $ 2,802 12 Weeks Ended 3/19/2022 Items Affecting Comparability Operating Profit Reported, GAAP Measure Mark-to-market net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges Gain associated with the Juice Transaction Impairment and other charges/credits Core, Non-GAAP Measure (a) Frito-Lay North America $ 1,296 $ — $ $ — $ — $ — $ 1,299 Quaker Foods North America — — — — — PepsiCo Beverages North America 3,434 — (3,024) — Latin America — — — — Europe (136) — (298) Africa, Middle East and South Asia — — — — Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region — — — — Corporate unallocated expenses (204) (112) — — (308) Total $ 5,267 $ (112) $ $ $ (3,322) $ $ 2,392 (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-6 through A-7 for further discussion. A - 11 PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information (continued) (unaudited) Gross Margin Growth Reconciliation 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Reported gross margin growth, GAAP measure bps Impact of: Mark-to-market net impact Restructuring and impairment charges — Impairment and other charges/credits (89) Core gross margin growth, non-GAAP measure (a) bps Operating Margin Performance Reconciliation 12 Weeks Ended 3/25/2023 Reported operating margin performance, GAAP measure (1,778) bps Impact of: Mark-to-market net impact Restructuring and impairment charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (30) Gain associated with the Juice Transaction 2,050 Impairment and other charges/credits (305) Core operating margin growth, non-GAAP measure (a) bps Fiscal 2022 Diluted EPS Reconciliation Year Ended 12/31/2022 Reported diluted EPS, GAAP measure $ 6.42 Mark-to-market net impact 0.03 Restructuring and impairment charges 0.24 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 0.05 Gain associated with the Juice Transaction (2.08) Impairment and other charges/credits 2.12 Pension and retiree medical-related impact 0.17 Tax benefit related to the IRS audit (0.23) Tax expense related to the TCJ Act 0.06 Core diluted EPS, non-GAAP measure (a) $ 6.79 (a) A financial measure that is not in accordance with GAAP. See pages A-6 through A-7 for further discussion. Note – Amounts may not sum due to rounding. A - 12 Cautionary Statement Statements in this communication that are “forward-looking statements,” including our 2023 guidance and outlook, are based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Terminology such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” “expressed confidence,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will” or similar statements or variations of such words and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the risks associated with the deadly conflict in Ukraine; future demand for PepsiCo’s products; damage to PepsiCo’s reputation or brand image; product recalls or other issues or concerns with respect to product quality and safety; PepsiCo’s ability to compete effectively; PepsiCo’s ability to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce; water scarcity; changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer; disruption of PepsiCo’s manufacturing operations or supply chain, including continued increased commodity, packaging, transportation, labor and other input costs; political or social conditions in the markets where PepsiCo’s products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold; PepsiCo’s ability to grow its business in developing and emerging markets; changes in economic conditions in the countries in which PepsiCo operates; future cyber incidents and other disruptions to our information systems; failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions; PepsiCo’s reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems; climate change or measures to address climate change; strikes or work stoppages; failure to realize benefits from PepsiCo’s productivity initiatives; deterioration in estimates and underlying assumptions regarding future performance that can result in an impairment charge; fluctuations or other changes in exchange rates; any downgrade or potential downgrade of PepsiCo’s credit ratings; imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes aimed at PepsiCo’s products; imposition of limitations on the marketing or sale of PepsiCo’s products; changes in laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials; failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws; increase in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities; failure to adequately protect PepsiCo’s intellectual property rights or infringement on intellectual property rights of others; failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. For additional information on these and other factors that could cause PepsiCo’s actual results to materially differ from those set forth herein, please see PepsiCo’s filings with the SEC, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A - 13

=== EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT ===

Source: https://www.insidermonkey.com/blog/pepsico-inc-nasdaqpep-q1-2023-earnings-call-transcript-1143519/ PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript - Insider Monkey Log In Sign Up Premium #1 AI Stock to Buy Markets News Tech Market Movers Futures Forex Macroeconomic Predictions Economy Industries Options Insider Trading Main Education Center Insider Trading Screener Insider Purchases Insider Sales Browse Companies Transcripts Latest 13D & 13G Filings Hedge Funds Main Education Center Browse Hedge Funds Investor Letters Best Performing Worst Performing Other Institutional Investors Retirement ETF Trading Commodities Gold Dividend Stocks Opinion Main Hedge Fund Analysis Stock Analysis We Disagree Lists Authors Premium Newsletters My Subscriptions Premium Readership Log In Sign Up Our #1 AI Stock Pick — 33% OFF: $9.99 (was $14.99) Monthly picks · Ad-free browsing · 30-day money back guarantee Our #1 AI Stock Pick — 33% OFF: $9.99 (was $14.99) Monthly picks · Ad-free browsing Unlock Now — $9.99 × Companies See All Hedge Funds See All Insiders See All Institutional Investors See All Click here to see all results for Sorry, no results has been found matching your query. News Transcripts PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript Published on May 2, 2023 at 1:12 am by Insider Monkey Transcripts in News , Transcripts Share PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP ) Q1 2023 Earnings Call Transcript April 25, 2023 PepsiCo, Inc. beats earnings expectations. Reported EPS is $1.5, expectations were $1.39. Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo’s 2023 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. . Today’s call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin. ja-san-miguel-xYSp0kkIUio-unsplash Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today’s call, including about our business plans and updated 2023 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, April 25, 2023, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our first quarter 2023 earnings release and Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo’s Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo’s Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question. See also 11 Most Promising Gene Editing Stocks and 11 Most Promising Clean Energy Stocks . Q&A Session Follow Pepsico Inc (NASDAQ:PEP) Follow Pepsico Inc (NASDAQ:PEP) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Operator: . Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Dara Mohsenian: So very impressive price mix result in the quarter at 16%. Can you just give us an update on the competitive environment you’re seeing in your key business segments and geographies, both in terms of just price increases but also promotion and if that’s picking back up to more normalized levels? And if that favorable environment is continuing. And just as you look going forward, obviously, very strong levels of pricing, how do you think about the of that back to more normalized levels going forward the next few quarters and the ability of volume to recover as that pricing dissipates on a year-over-year basis? Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Dara. Let me cover that and then Hugh can add some comments. We’re seeing a competitive environment. We’re all trying to protect the health of the categories and then make sure that our brands are participating in those categories in a competitive way. We are investing in our innovation, investing in our brands, investing obviously in value in different ways, pricing, sizing in mostly. So we’re seeing a good positive competitive environment in the U.S., in Europe, and also in our developing markets consistently across the world. When it comes to pricing, as we said earlier in February, we have mostly taken the pricing already this year that we needed to cover for our cost increases. And that is where we stand at this point. We’re seeing a deceleration of inflation, not a reduction of cost, but a deceleration of inflation. And we think that with the pricing that we’ve taken already most of our business around the world, that should be sufficient. Obviously, there are some markets, highly inflationary markets around the world where we might have to take additional pricing. If you think about Argentina, Turkey, Egypt though those kind of markets where the currencies are suffering, but the majority of our pricing is already done. Hugh Johnston: Yes. And the only thing I’d add to that, Dara, as a reminder, you know we tend to buy commodities 9 to 12 months out. So to the degree that the rate of inflation decreases, and it will be a decrease in the rate of inflation, not deflation, by any stretch of imagination that’s going to happen very slowly over the course of ’23. I think that’s more of a ’24 thing to the degree it happens even then. Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Andrea Teixeira: I wanted to go back to a little bit of what you spoke in the prepared remarks that you were — and you also on an earlier interview Hugh that you gave, that you’re not seeing the fact that inflation is still high throughout the 6 to 9 months that you’re seeing here. And it doesn’t look like you’re seeing the need for promotional environment, but more in the context of what has happened in LatAm, I think it’s the only region that you haven’t seen a reacceleration and every other region, you’ve seen an acceleration. And I’m seeing — I’m talking — I’m asking this question more of the point of strength rather than a point of weakness. Of course, it’s really hard not to like the numbers here. Just thinking of how to think of the volume decline you saw in snacks and to think about how to parse it out or it’s more about the comparison getting tougher? Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea. A couple of things. Just for clarity, in terms of the snack food or the community food volume, Pioneer was a big driver of that. There are challenges with the power grid down in South Africa. And obviously, Pioneer makes a lot of heavy products. Ex-Pioneer Snacks volume was basically flat for the quarter and beverages obviously was up a small amount for the quarter. In terms more broadly of sort of the rate of growth of all of the businesses. From a revenue standpoint, I think generally speaking, you see the consumer continuing to buy our products. Elasticities are still holding up quite well across most of the globe. And then despite the fact that we’re taking pricing driven by the inflation that we’re facing into. In terms of operating performance, I think what you’re seeing more than anything is a reflection of the productivity initiatives that we’ve put into place, whether they be automation in the supply chain or digitalization across the company, we’re leveraging global business services. So when we talk about sort of an acceleration in the operating income performance, I think it’s a consumer that’s responding to the brand advertising we’re doing. And in addition to that, the productivity that we’re driving. Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Kevin Grundy: Great. Just picking up on some of your prior commentary there. And just the decision to raise the EPS guidance at this juncture of the year, which I think is noteworthy because the company’s delivery against guidance has historically been quite good, as you’re well aware, but historically, the tax has been to maintain it and then as the year moves on to edge it higher. So I — just some context here. Was it that the first quarter was that good relative to your expectations, just came in that much better? Because it’s noteworthy within the context of all the prognostication around potential recession and market volatility for the raise at this juncture of the year, so maybe just some historical context around it and relative to the first quarter results, I think, would be helpful. Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Kevin. I think you’re right. Your assessment is right. We’re seeing both better elasticities than some of the worst-case scenarios we were planning for. And also, we’re seeing the teams delivering better productivity. So we’re seeing the — in general, the flow of materials, the availability of labor, transportation, all those elements that were making us a suboptimal company if you just to call it somehow in terms of operating metrics, that’s getting better, which is giving us the opportunity to improve some of the metrics in our operations faster than what we thought. So it’s both an improvement in productivity on the cost side and better elasticity. I think the commercial programs were strong. You saw that we’ve increased A&M again in the first quarter. And I think the commercial plan, the innovation plans are very strong. So we feel comfortable that even — and we always play out a lot of scenarios before we give a — give you guys a guidance. We feel comfortable that even at this early point in the year, we can raise our top line and bottom line estimates. Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on organic revenue growth at PBNA. Your price mix in the quarter was incredibly impressive, but your volumes were down slightly again. So could you touch on where you’re primarily pressure. And then maybe what you’re seeing from the consumer. Also, it seems that incremental pricing may be a bit harder to come by and promotional levels may need to increase in beverages this year. So could you touch on that as well as maybe your key initiatives to stabilize or turn your volume trends around that PBNA — is your Pepsi rebranding or the new logo and visual identity for the brand, one of those key initiatives, for instance? Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Bonnie. We don’t see — actually, we see the momentum in the beverage category, very strong in terms of demand. We’re seeing away from home, very strong. We’re seeing the convenience channel, very strong, and we’re seeing most of the in-home channels also quite strong. So we don’t feel that there is a competitive environment that is getting worse in beverages. There’s some one-off in the first quarter because we’re — as you know, we’re moving Gatorade from a warehouse system to a DSD system and in that transition, there is some inventory reduction overall in the system that is impacting Q1. But we don’t think that the competitive environment in beverages in the U.S. is getting worse and that we need to do anything special. We have a very strong commercial program, both innovation, brands, commercial execution and customer programs. So that will be the way we’re planning to continue to compete vigorously in the market. Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren Lieberman: Great. So you’ve already been asked about raising the guidance early in the year, and it would sort of be mechanically hard not to, given how strong the quarter was. But your prior outlook you had baked in what we thought was one of the more conservative set of assumptions around the macro environment at least for the second half of the year across our coverage anyway. And so I was just curious if you’re seeing anything more recently that has you more optimistic on the macro trajectory. Anything in terms of that broader market outlook or consumer outlook that’s informing your ability to raise the guidance? Or is it really more tied to just the momentum in your own business? Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, it’s mostly related to the fact that we’re already 1/3 of the year is passed, and we have better information on our costs and everything else that complex operating. There are a few things we’re still concerned about. One is where is the consumer going to be in second half of the year. We continue to be — have multiple scenarios. And some of the scenarios are more optimistic, some best, and we continue to have various scenarios. The second one, geopolitics and that might impact the business, and therefore, we want to be cautious there as well. And the third one, as I mentioned earlier, there are some currencies in some emerging and developing markets that we don’t know where some of those markets will go in the second half of the year. And we also want to make sure that we have the right financial scenarios around those options. So those are the three variables that could define where the business goes. As I said earlier, operationally, the business is better. We’re seeing better labor availability, better flow of materials, suppliers are obviously getting better as well. Transportation is getting better. So operationally, the business is in a better place than it was in 2022. Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Bryan Spillane: Hugh, I wanted to ask about accounts payable. Just it was a pretty meaningful shift year-over-year. I understand there’s a sequential or a seasonal piece to it. But I think it’s up more than $1 billion versus the first quarter last year. So is that tied to the Gatorade DSD distribution change? Or I don’t know, if there is something else going on with accounts payables that just is driving such a meaningful change? Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bryan, it’s really two things. One is a seasonal inventory build on the Gatorade thing, as you mentioned. The second is, we’ve got a number of significant capital projects that are in flight right now and the timing of the payables on the capital equipment is what drove that number. So I would take it as a one-off, not a change in trend by any stretch of the imagination. It’s just a one-off when the quarter ended. Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Christopher Carey: Can you maybe just touch on how investment and priorities will evolve in 2023. I think one of the key takeaways from 2022 was distribution costs between shipping, handling and merchandising activity was a key driver of SG&A inflation, but I’m conscious of double-digit increases with added marketing spending out of the gates into Q1. So can you maybe just frame how overall investment will be evolving over the course of this year in the context, maybe some easing on inflation and certain SG&A buckets and an ability to put more spending in others. Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Chris. Listen, I think the framework of investment is similar to what we expressed in the past. We mean #1 priority for us is to make sure that our categories remain highly visible in consumers’ minds in a complex consumer choices environment. And our brands do very well in those categories. So that’s priority number one, make sure that we continue to be a preferred brand with our consumers. Second, we continue to invest in transformation of the business, digitalization and productivity at the center of the strategy systems. We’ve been investing on that for quite a while. That continues to be an enabler of all the data strategy that we have in the business. And those are the two big projects, we continue to invest in capacity. There is good volume growth across many of our markets around the world, and that continues to be a priority in enabling the brands to continue to grow. So those are the principles. I don’t know, Hugh, if there’s anything else. Hugh Johnston: No, I think that’s the only thing — and I think where Chris is going with the question from his perspective as well. Chris, I think you’ll see more of the financial impact of those investments in SG&A significantly less selling cost of goods. So as you’re modeling it out, SG&A is a place where you’ll see all the items that Ramon referenced will be hitting. Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Peter Grom: So I was hoping to get more color on the international performance in the quarter. But maybe specifically in China. I know it was called out in the prepared remarks is a market where you gained share, and maybe I missed this, but I don’t think it was mentioned when discussing growth in the quarter. So can you maybe share a view on the current environment in China how that evolved through the quarter and kind of how you see that progressing from here? Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Yes, we’re seeing, obviously, in China, a optimism in consumers and optimism in the customers and that’s driving volume for us across the — across both our food and our beverage business. The organic share, especially in snacks. Snacks has been performing very well through the pandemic and continues to outgrow the category. And in beverages as well, we’re seen competing quite well in Colas and sports hydration. So yes, obviously, this is going to be a tailwind for us as the year progresses both in away from home and in-home consumption. Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Robert Ottenstein: Great. Given the strong start to the year and your confidence in the year, I thought I’d ask a longer-term question. And that is, as you look at the categories that you’re in, over time in the past, you’ve expanded in certain countries a little bit outside of beverages and snacks either for reasons of scale or growth opportunities or maybe that’s just what was available as part of an acquisition. Over the next, call it, next 5 years or so, do you believe that you’re in the right categories to drive your algorithm? Or do you see potentially the need or desirability to expand and do some adjacent areas. And given the advances that you’ve made in IT and logistics, perhaps that’s even a greater opportunity than in the past? Ramon Laguarta: It’s a great question. Listen, we believe our categories are large and growing at a very fast pace, around 5% globally. I think our main responsibility is to maintain the innovation and make sure that the portfolio evolves with consumers, the brands continue to be super relevant. And that is where we want to focus our efforts. We’re making some small moves, as you saw, for example, when we’re going into low alcohol here in the U.S., expanding the brands. We’re making small moves like Cheetos going into Mac and Cheese. So we’re expanding some of our brands organically into some new spaces that make sense from the consumer point of view that we believe our categories are large, global, healthy, and we — our responsibility is to give them healthy and growing very fast. Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Vivien Azer: I wanted to ask about Pepsi Zero Sugar given the reformulation and the broad-based international distribution. Can you offer some perspective on how that’s performing relative to expectations? And as well, could you possibly update us on how the organization is tracking towards your 2025 ESG target to drive 60, 70% of volumes from lower added sugar beverages? Ramon Laguarta: Great question. And it’s essential to our strategy, continue to drive low sugar and nonsugar products as kind of the portfolio transformation. In the case of Pepsi, obviously, that is very relevant for us given the size and scale of Pepsi brand for us. The relaunch in the U.S. with a new formula is very — it’s been very well received by consumers based on our early data of repeats and preferences. The brand is growing 60%, if I remember correctly, in the first quarter, and that’s driven a little bit by distribution, but it’s mostly velocity. So clearly, the consumers are — they like the product and they’re coming back to the product. Globally, we also see big growth of the nonsugar segment in the category 2, 3x, the average of the category in most of the markets. And we are driving that growth along with some of our key competitors. I think it’s a strategy that is working and it’s keeping the category very relevant for consumers. We’ll continue to invest in nonsugar as a driver of growth for our brands. Operator: Our next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush. Gerald Pascarelli: In U.S. measured channels for salty snacks, we’ve seen private label products gained share of the overall category for the past few months now. This has obviously have seen in tandem with very strong performance and market share gains for Frito as well, which is great. But I was just curious if you’ve seen any near-term changes, some broad consumer purchase patterns in this category relative to maybe a few months ago? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. In general, we’re seeing private label growth in some of the categories where we participate, especially waters, juices that we used to participate in some categories in salty snacks as well as you mentioned. As you will say, Frito-Lay is — I think it’s growing share of market at the fastest pace that we’ve seen in the last, maybe 10 years, if I recall, as a consequence of the great work the team is doing in terms of execution, but mostly innovation and brand building. So I think we see both private label increasing, although from a very low base in salty snacks. But most importantly for us, we’re seeing our brands continue to gain loyalty, expand their consumer base and be preferred in that segment. But yes, private label is slowly increasing and in — from a very, very low base as I said, in some subsegments of the salty snacks business. Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge. Brett Cooper: With about a year in of and Hard Mountain dew, I was hoping you could provide some color on your view of the performance of the brand and the operation to date, any learnings? And then how you think about proceeding from here? Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we’re happy with the learnings that we’re taking, both in the operation of this category, which is new to us and also in how we create consumer demand and consumer loyalty, and we continue to find partners to create new solutions for consumers with our brands. We just launched a tea version, a hard tea version with Lipton and FIFCO Company. They developed a great product, which we’re going to start distributing through our system in the next few weeks. So we’re going to go into the summer with 2 main products, Mountain Dew — Hard Mountain Dew and Hard Lipton. As I said, our intention is not to build a large portfolio of products and complex portfolio, but is to focus on a few good brands developed with strategic partners and then leverage our distribution capabilities to give it to consumers all across the country. That’s our journey. We’re not rushing. We’re going at a speed that we learn and we make this business solid with the right margins and the right consumer propositions. Operator: Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Filippo Falorni: Question on the Pepsi Beverage North America business. It seems clearly this year, you’re making a lot of investments. The Pepsi Logo change, the Starry launch, a lot of other launches, with expansion of Pepsi Zero Sugar and Hard Mountain Dew. Just bigger picture, what are your expectations from kind of a market share standpoint in the business? What would you consider a success for this year? And then secondly, how do you balance these investments that you’re making with your target of getting back to a mid-teens margin for the business? Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean we’ve expressed this in the past. We want to have a business that grows and the category pace or above and expand its margins to the mid-teens levels that we have mentioned as well in the next 2 to 3 years. So that is the strategic intent for this business. I think the team is executing very well. The way we measure our share is full LRB. So it’s the full set of brands that we have in our portfolio, not just small segments within the category. And obviously, I think we’re progressing well against that growth target for the year, whilst also expanding the margins for the business. We feel good about the margin expansion this year. Operator: Our last question comes from Charlie Higgs with Redburn. Charlie Higgs: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Frito-Lay North America division and the volume growth there. How did Lays, Doritos, Cheetos perform? Is there any color you can give on a single-serve pack versus multi-packs? And then just how you see the very strong margin growth in Q1 progressing throughout the year would be useful. Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Great. Listen, as I said earlier, Frito-Lay, I think, it’s in the U.S. and — but also the whole snack business globally is doing extremely well. But if we focus on the U.S., I think the team is doing a fantastic job growing the large brands, as you mentioned, Lays, Doritos, Ruffles, Tostitos, Cheetos. And at the same time, building peripheral brands that cover some spaces that we’re not covering with the big brands. Let’s call it, PopCorners or SunChips . We’re really building a portfolio of brands that covers different cohorts and different need stays in a unique way. We’re also innovating in new formats. You mentioned multipack, which has been a great hit for us in terms of variety and empowering consumers for personalization. But this year, a few months ago, we launched Minis, which is also an incredible innovation. If you think about the convenient — the additional convenience it gives consumers and putting our best brands in that format opens a whole set of new occasions for the business. So we feel very good about the innovation strategy and how we keep capturing new occasions into our brands. As I said earlier, I think the business is becoming better operationally as the supply of materials is getting better, labor availability is getting better. So we should see operational metrics improving, and that’s what you’re seeing in the margins, although the Q1 margin was a little bit elevated. The strategic intent with Frito-Lay is growing it very, very fast and keeping the margins at those high levels because that’s super accretive for the PepsiCo overall business. Okay. I think this is the last question. So really appreciate the conversation this morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining today and especially for the confidence that you’re all placed in our company and the investments you’re making in our company. Thank you very much, and have a great day. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day. Follow Pepsico Inc (NASDAQ:PEP) Follow Pepsico Inc (NASDAQ:PEP) Receive real-time insider trading and news alerts or Subscribe with Google We may use your email to send marketing emails about our services. Click here to read our privacy policy. Share Q1 2023

NASDAQ:PEP Yahoo Finance Earnings Call Transcript Related Insider Monkey Articles 5 Largest Beverage Companies in the Word in 2023 5 Best Beverage Stocks To Buy 5 Best Dividend Stocks To Buy and Hold PepsiCo (PEP) Commits $3.3 Million Toward Water Replenishment Projects Analysts Are Increasing Price Targets of These 5 Stocks 5 Best Confectionery, Cookie and Snack Stocks to Buy Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +599.2% Insider Monkey Quarterly Strategy +227% Benchmark 50% S&P 500 ETF and 50% Russell 2000 ETF 500% 250% 0% Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through June 2, 2026) Subscribe Now 30 day money back guarantee. Cancel anytime. Hedge Fund Resource Center How to Best Use Insider Monkey to Increase Your Returns Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds Billionaire Hedge Funds Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $293,447,417,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $1,491,303,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $5,416,602,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $77,426,184,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $1,886,381,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,521,664,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $22,767,998,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $3,510,256,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $4,198,712,000 Paul Tudor Jones Tudor Investment Corp $6,160,740,000 The $250 Trillion AI Hype is Real. A few years from now, you’ll probably wish you’d bought this stock. Published on May 16, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey When Jeff Bezos said that one breakthrough technology would shape Amazon’s destiny, even Wall Street’s biggest analysts were caught off guard. Fast forward a year and Amazon’s new CEO Andy Jassy described generative AI as a “once-in-a-lifetime” technology that is already being used across Amazon to reinvent customer experiences. At the 8th Future Investment Initiative conference, Elon Musk predicted that by there would be at least 10 billion humanoid robots , with each priced between $20,000 and $25,000 . Do the math. According to Musk, this technology could be worth $250 trillion by 2040. Put another way, that’s roughly equal to: 175 Teslas 107 Amazons 140 Metas 84 Googles 65 Microsofts And 55 Nvidias And here’s the wild part — this $250 trillion wave isn’t tied to one company, but to an entire ecosystem of AI innovators set to reshape the global economy. It’s a leap so massive, it could reshape how businesses, governments, and consumers operate worldwide. Even if that $250 trillion figure sounds ambitious, major firms like PwC and McKinsey still see AI unlocking multi-trillion-dollar potential. How could anything be worth that much? The answer lies in a breakthrough so powerful it’s redefining how humanity works, learns, and creates. And this breakthrough has already set off a frenzy among hedge funds and Wall Street’s top investors. What most investors don’t realize is that one under-owned company holds the key to this $250 trillion revolution. In fact, Verge argues this company’s supercheap AI technology should concern rivals. Before I reveal the details, let’s talk about how some of the richest people on the planet are positioning themselves. Bill Gates sees artificial intelligence as the “biggest technological advance in my lifetime,” more transformative than the internet or personal computer, capable of improving healthcare, education, and addressing climate change. Larry Ellison — through Oracle, is spending billions on Nvidia chips and partnering with Cohere to embed generative AI across Oracle’s cloud and apps. Warren Buffett — not known for tech hype — says this breakthrough could have a ‘hugely beneficial social impact. When billionaires from Silicon Valley to Wall Street line up behind the same idea — you know it’s worth paying attention to. Even as we admire what Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet, and Microsoft have built, we believe an even greater opportunity lies elsewhere… But the real story isn’t Nvidia — it’s a much smaller company quietly improving the critical technology that makes this entire revolution possible. And judging by what I’m hearing from both Silicon Valley insiders and Wall Street veterans… This prediction might not be bold at all: A few years from now, you’ll wish you’d owned this stock. The best part? You can discover everything about this company and its groundbreaking technology right now. I’ve compiled everything you need to know about this groundbreaking company in a detailed, members-only report. Trust me — you’ll want to read this report before putting another dollar into any tech stock. For a ridiculously low price of just $9.99 a month , you can unlock a year’s worth of in-depth investment research and exclusive insights – that’s less than a single fast food meal! Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: • Access to our Detailed Report on this Game-Changing AI Stock: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. • 11 New Issues of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive 11 new issues and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. • One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 • Bonus Reports: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews • Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a year of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. • 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. If you’re thinking about getting in, don’t wait – because once Wall Street catches wind of this story, the easy money will be gone. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $9.99 a month . (33% Off – was $14.99). 2. Enjoy a year of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the revolutionary AI company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter over the next 12 months. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Subscribe Now! <b>Cancel anytime.</b> Turn off auto-renewal via our website with just a click. Insider Monkey Ads Buy This $3 Stock Now Before the 400% Surge Begins Published on May 15, 2026 at by Inan Dogan, PhD Dr. Ian Dogan Co-Founder and Research Director at Insider Monkey My name is Inan Dogan. I’m the co-founder and Research Director of Insider Monkey. I have an important message for you today. Since March 2017, my stock picks have returned 16.5% annually. Today, I’ve found an opportunity even bigger than my British American Tobacco call. Two years ago, Wall Street wrote off British American Tobacco (BTI) as a “melting ice cube.” The stock had crashed 40% from its peak, and consensus said the business was dying. We looked under the cover and realized they were wrong. We alerted our subscribers, and BTI returned 90% in just 16 months. Now if you had invested just $10,000 in BTI in June 2024, you’d be sitting on $19,000 in October 2025. Today, we have identified a nearly identical pattern in a digital-first giant trading at $3. While the market panics over a surface-level revenue decline, our PhD-led research shows management has actually surgically cut $100 million in waste to focus on high-margin growth. This pattern is a hallmark of our 16.5% annual return track record. The current opportunity offers a 400% upside potential—dwarfing even our 90% BTI return. Get the ticker for our new “Underdog” pick and the full BTI case study for just 99 cents. This exclusive offer is for NEW newsletter subscribers ONLY! Join our Premium Readership Newsletter for only $0.99 and become part of a savvy investor community.! This offer vanishes in 7 days , so don’t miss your chance to lock in market beating returns ! Sign up NOW! The monthly newsletter comes with a 30-day, no-risk money-back guarantee. This offer is available to the first 1000 new investors who respond. Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Here’s why this is a deal you can’t afford to pass up: Access to our Detailed Report on this $3 stock with 400% upside potential. BONUS REPORT on our #1 AI-Robotics Stock with 10000% upside potential: Our in-depth report dives deep into our #1 AI/robotics stock’s groundbreaking technology and massive growth potential. One New Issue of Our Premium Readership Newsletter: You will also receive one new issue per month and at least one new stock pick per month from our monthly newsletter’s portfolio over the next 12 months. These stocks are handpicked by our research director, Dr. Inan Dogan. One free upcoming issue of our 70+ page Quarterly Newsletter: A value of $149 Bonus Content: Premium access to members-only fund manager video interviews Ad-Free Browsing: Enjoy a month of investment research free from distracting banner and pop-up ads, allowing you to focus on uncovering the next big opportunity. Lifetime Price Guarantee: Your renewal rate will always remain the same as long as your subscription is active. 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee: If you’re not absolutely satisfied with our service, we’ll provide a full refund within 30 days, no questions asked. Space is Limited! Only 1000 spots are available for this exclusive offer. Don’t let this chance slip away – subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter today and unlock the potential for a life-changing investment. Here’s what to do next: 1. Head over to our website and subscribe to our Premium Readership Newsletter for just $0.99. 2. Enjoy a month of ad-free browsing, exclusive access to our in-depth report on the Trump tariff and nuclear energy company as well as the revolutionary AI-robotics company, and the upcoming issues of our Premium Readership Newsletter. 3. Sit back, relax, and know that you’re backed by our ironclad 30-day money-back guarantee. Don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity! Subscribe now and take control of your AI investment future! Unlock Now! - $0.99 Regular price $9.99/mo. Cancel anytime. Get our editor’s daily picks straight in your inbox! RSS Feed Hedge Funds Insider Trading About Us Authors Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use FAQ CCPA - Do Not Sell My Information. ©2026 Koala Guide LLC.